the world needs opportunities for new leaders and new ideas.
along with all the other reference that I had
I wouldn't have hesitated for a second.
I would always examine the patient.
Well we like to play with stuff.
to make a good living.
this enormous heat sink heats up Greenland from the north.
we are going to be the next generation
Buildings are becoming bundles of services.
And that's what happened at the end of that three month period.
which is right next to the sun.
Talk about the kinds of things we're scoping out.
I just want to turn to a few of them.
if you want to become more compassionate
So it's not about devaluing
whatever is on your brain should come out of your mouth.
And they do some tests and figure out that
that's pretty amazing.
These are LED lights that help the roughly billion people out there
I've spent the last decade subjecting myself to pain and humiliation
your position in life comes to seem not accidental
Or to put it  slightly differently
particularly when we have people thinking in groups.
but we also get to see the whole thing.
it doesn't matter if I'm actually good at it.
but I'm sure Najmuddin and his friends
and I would do it again.
three tribes led by the Lakota chief Red Cloud attacked and defeated the U.S.
So that's what Lauren did.
As history points out
And our anatomists are going to go in and take a deeper look at this.
as long as you can keep net neutrality in place.
then we couldn't use it in the video.
and that lesson will stick with them.
They wanted the machine action to follow the song feeling.
who were also interested in exploring that conversation.
What we need is information.
And if you open the newspaper any day of the week
You can imagine what something like this might look like five
look at religion and do the communal bit.
Kids need opportunities to lead and succeed.
Which ordinary life would not necessarily accord them.
And now I can steer the car with the steering wheel.
he actually did lost wax casting  in bronze for me
when we think about failure
he's full of problems
When you get dementia
expecting to find a revision worth noting.
I didn't know where my corners were
You've got to come up and see them.
that's former Vice President Al Gore and his wife Tipper.
if you dyed your hair black
But the over-eating and over-drinking
Snobbery is a global phenomenon.
they're bashing up against each other.
This area shown here is an area called the hippocampus.
So we have a lot of very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism.
they will leave the elementary schools saying
And this is what we first got back from the very first set of submissions.
I don't need to go into that.
So if we zoom in to an even deeper level
It was like something out of Caligula.
if you happen to exist in an overcrowded school.
It's one continuous processing unit
And I am going to suggest that this is a good thing.
What did you do with the other child
Many of those patients are very severely burned.
but on the content of their character
and wasichu is a Lakota word that means non-Indian
They live in the emerging megacities of the developing world.
domestic violence and general apathy
that's not quite right.
They say that people who are engaged in activities are happier
looking for a low-cost or locally applicable version of the newest technology.
we knew that it was political.
And what we're finding is actually
But there's actually a lot of structure there.
wealthy country in the world.
We need to employ someone to glue and to screw the sole of the feet.
And that gave women the right to vote.
I come out of the advertising and design business.
That is an unknown part of them.
the conversation changes depending upon who's sitting around the table.
her son donated all of his toys to her
with all these sandbags at the windows.
anyone can get to any website no matter how big a budget you have.
Well what do you want to write
So here we have this triangle
I loved almost everything about my time spent at this hospital
nor is it the most intelligent that survives
It's not all perfect yet.
If the horse was in pain
all the mothers that give life
put into the atmosphere
and that the human ability to adapt is our greatest asset.
it is the one that is most adaptable to change.
or might have looked like
You can see this is a major shipping airport
so I guess I'd better go play video games or get into sports
You encounter it within minutes at a party
or I've got to do sports.
then you know that Pine Ridge is ground zero for Native issues in the U.S.
And if we're going to really
if you happen to be poor
the most prosperous and dynamic the world has ever created
And that is all you have to do.
So we have to have a change in consciousness.
which is that every time you throw it into silicone and cast it in resin
you don't want to watch.
organized the document
Look carefully at the area of the eastern Pacific
an Argentine composer.
And then what we get is our first mapping.
so there's nothing feminine about feminism.
We need to think about how to uncompress this curriculum if we can
the machine acting upon the band members
but it's always with me.
I would like to ask you to re-frame that.
Have you seen the ads
And Mahmoud was coming every day.
And we'll call this a wheel.
So what I'm telling you here is something truly fantastic.
we weren't our American selves
You have to be generous
they make their livings on this kind of stuff.
I was worried because I was breaking the rules.
there are words that we just don't want to hear.
and that's the profound weirdness of quantum mechanics.
then shouldn't everything just follow quantum mechanics
told them they were A's
This is that great big secret.
Now what I learned from her
and the monarchy was basically based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
MIT's media lab is working on robots that can interact more like humans.
It costs about the same to produce a new drug
And the cycle continues
Why does that sense of mystery
And they're always talking about this stuff.
I spent a lot of time at airport security.
And we discovered that they talk about the kids in their school
which happens right here.
I was able to stone one adulterer.
And they go through these amazing mental gymnastics to accomplish this.
and prevent the onset of the disease to a bad state.
And I think every human
it's how we identify fellow Canadians.
Sex With Mum Was Blinding  In a way
And a record executive walked up to me and invited me to Nashville
But if we're serious people
and they try to find hot spots of activity that are linked causally to genes.
I guess this really isn't a place for boys.
but because the whole visit was now about the physical
We should not fear other countries becoming wealthy.
but most people haven't.
You can't pick individual sheep
My own theory of success
I want to be as happy as I can for as long as I can.
It'd be a terrible model for a particle physicist
But this isn't even about Reddit itself.
But at the end of the day we should always remember that whoever is facing us
was essentially an art form devoted to tracing how people fail.
And would you want to meet that poor
we would have to generate an absolutely astonishing amount of energy.
And can we afford not to
we have to begin to question why we maintain certain divisions.
then you can start finding ways to see things.
maybe it's too simple.
There are simply too  many random factors.
and we did exactly that.
And I think that we will.
and they're in violent motion.
Now we may find that there are places that are really
No need of staying with me all the day pushing my wheelchair.
that thou shall have reverence.
The Japanese government called off  their whaling expedition.
not just that religion is wrong
We need to do it for our own economy.
Now the word propaganda sets off alarm bells.
I really like turning the pages of the Old Testament.
I was like a glazed doughnut for most of the year.
so the man who delivered me was a complete stranger to my parents.
most people are not our mothers.
transit systems that actually work to transport people
Dignity cannot wait for better times.
which potential do we want to bring out
people are either incredibly delighted to see you
If you talk to faculty
but we managed to reach the shelter.
find interesting things out with this.
So I teamed up with my good friend Ricardo Cabello
This is a project called Flight Patterns.
I don't want to get Alzheimer's disease.
then I examine the hands
So we did exactly that.
Working with Larry Lessig
and I was never as loving.
I define simplicity as a means to achieving clarity
It's the rewards we want.
under business as usual.
That means we get our new hips for free.
Let me show you these slides here.
It's seen as hypocrisy.
it's only God who can really put everybody in their place.
the article was called
and it's paradoxical because it's linked to something that's rather nice
This is the blood vessels.
where we're all plugged into this borg
what we ought to do is take a page from their playbook
reins in the question-asking  in the hopes of them being polite little kids.
I remember so many huge
That's a production line and a very fast one.
The closer two people are
Children are the messages that we send to the future.
but we can admire the institutional way in which they're doing it.
and I started to cry.
truly become sustainable cities
fumbling with his buttons.
And I collected a lot
Now we don't think that way.
and he was starting  the real physical rehabilitation.
We could hear in the air the bullets passing.
coronary artery disease.
The key is to pick and choose the right parts.
It sprayed everywhere.
in his sword swallowing act.
If everybody on the planet lived the way we did
those larger markets I was talking about earlier
haunted eyes staring up at me as I performed this ritual.
which then we can put on a smaller cryostat.
don't ever again complain about quarterly report CEO management.
Interesting where it came from.
And I started making these
instead of in brain research
Larger markets increase the incentive  to produce all kinds of ideas.
It's cruel to offer him a job knowing that he's going to fail.
I would wager that their IQ is exactly the same as the average evolutionist.
to have a new means of operating.
What do organized religions do
and it's not as hard as you think.
how much waste is left behind you.
is the hope we all have for our careers.
The lyrics to the leading track are Ain't no grave can hold my body down.
There are the heart patches.
After three and a half hours
or a person who's empowered
Japan is the oldest country on earth in terms of its average age.
And another engineer thought
And you can almost trick yourself into thinking you're eating Doritos.
They're talking about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
we lose interest in banking.
Art should be one of the tools by which we improve our society.
the scientists wanted to say
The nerdy side of me thought
starting a little bit later
So religions are cultures of repetition.
Running through this typical letter that they had
Let me read you the entry.
put a bio-degradable material on there
died at the age of nine on Christmas Eve after a brief illness.
And if you shortchange that ritual by not undressing the patient
And if there's anything that's been learned about burn
then I look at the nail beds
com you can actually hear what all this sounds like together.
or any of my sports victories
I've had some great meals at cafeterias.
and it's a serious problem with boys.
where the element of loss is.
But the damage had been done.
And those genes are interesting
It's perhaps easier now
But the volumes are much larger than ever.
but you weren't born with this notion
in the middle of the Atlantic
but the God who only knows four words and keeps repeating them
So just imagine that for a moment.
Your link is just as good as your link
if we pay attention to these things
this is today's clean coal technology.
We heard yesterday about the importance of new materials.
I want to imagine that
But it's happening all over the place
And as we collect more and more personally and socially relevant data
These are concentrating  solar renewable-energy plants
Why do you hate writing
we have open source software
his genitals were masculinzed
This is a global phenomenon.
We get so little news about the developing world
but she's not getting her period
is servicing this one organ.
We make something over here
And I'm going to finish up with a quote
And we learned that small stuff stinks.
And that tissue falls off.
except they're right down at the bottom of the pyramid of needs.
And it's sort of evolved.
And speaking of synchronization
while as a journalist
All of the markers went in the right direction.
and what was being done to her son
not the difference in anatomy
and his declaration of me as a strong and powerful little girl
And you can sort the video a number of different ways.
You also have growth management.
What are you doing out in the street in this situation
And each gene gives us a fingerprint.
This means we all benefit when another country gets rich.
if you're a speaker here
the beating heart of the global climate system.
The people in the modern world
These are two genes that we found as good examples.
inspirational musicians around the world.
So this is a bypass operation
and what some of the hurdles are.
This compressed curriculum is bad for all active kids.
because to show that you truly care
And each gene gives us a fingerprint.
They sell Mister Splashy Pants shirts and pins.
counted amongst its regular customers Elisha Cook
specifically not the other way around.
I got the right profiles.
Luke Fildes was commissioned to paint this by Tate
Integrate climate solutions into all of your innovations
this would be somebody who's completely logical.
maybe a little bit of asthma.
A Force More Powerful is a video game that
And they threw up walls
And I would personally say that we have to craft new political realities
Because I believe that the best is yet to come.
And I kind of went overboard on the week after the project was over.
And our nation's really founded on a very romantic concept of individualism.
by listening with your stethoscope on top of the nightgown
whether you are from the technology
But you didn't need it to describe the large
And then here's a really
That's a very new situation.
such that it has a different right than a fetal life.
As Mahatma Gandhi famously said
It no longer has our natural
People would come up to me after the conference
examined her cervical region
The first thing I did was I got a stack of bibles.
We also get to see areas that no one has ever looked at before
After treatment that's what it looks like.
You don't look disabled.
And so when Auenbrugger became a physician
was ruled upon by the U.S.
though it's often presented that way.
and we're just doing these little labors
it'd be really nice to contribute something to his memory.
And I've done this in three parts.
And what you can see is it's very non-uniform.
that if you've got energy
But in Hans Rosling's case
But if we think differently
and then we transplant it onto the site of the wound
They're proteins that are controlling things like ion channel movement.
So picture Bell sitting in the outpatient department
Here's another example of stem-cell therapy that isn't quite clinical yet
and the skies will open.
Is there any relief from some of these pressures that I've just been outlining
people are going directly to cell phones
And children in the first and second world
the more I thought there might be something feminine about feminism.
A lot of people thought  it was a publicity stunt for the movie.
Year after year after year
and then went to the couple in the booth next to us
And here's how news shapes what Americans see.



People like Mahmoud are agents of change.
And how they're distributed really contributes to their underlying function.
you don't have to remember anything.
The good news is that this is happening today.
we don't hear those stories enough.
Why did we want to meet her
What's wrong with cafeterias
And they're catching up very dramatically.
So I spent time with evangelical Christians
if it loses a limb during the first trimester of pregnancy
These are refrigerators that require no electricity
and existing structures are falling apart.
and I didn't trip coming up the stairs.
We're using up about five planets.
But this is also very bizarre
Now I think that the potential is there
This phrase never sat right with me
This is a fabulous invention
and I found this lovely piece of reference.
I'm extremely grateful.
that's what she tells them.
the amount we're actually using.
I wanted to follow that rule.
I think that's absolutely right.
It's one of those things that stuck in my head.
The common disease or the rare disease
It is no longer a conversation about overcoming deficiency.
it's an interesting thing
Now it's only at precise times when they align.
And then the laser actually cuts.
So we go out and play with it
And it's because of the experiences I've had with them
But some of our grandchildren probably will.
and I think we would do a good job in the future.
You can start to know where things are.
The first kind tells you
I would listen to the heart.
It's a fabulous place.
absolutely incredible.
And so what you're looking at here in donor one and donor four
you are the same as you were at the beginning of the treatment.
They are multinational
Changing that pattern requires a scope
and he's kind and loving now.
the duties of the rich to the poor and the poor to the rich.
and are going to increase growth more than ever before.
the last IPCC summary
And that makes failure seem much more crushing.
this was a month when North Korea agreed to dismantle its nuclear facilities.
so I'm doing it more even though I'm really very bad at it.
a thousand years from now
having completed this
but instead to find those opportunities wrapped in the adversity.
When are they going to come by and explain things to me
You can't sit and have long talks with your old friends
if you live in a moist
Make our democracy work the way it's supposed to work.
Let's take meritocracy.
If you are investing in tar sands  or shale oil
To diagnose and treat a brain disorder accurately
And that was democracy growing up
will re-grow that limb.
It's a conversation about potential.
it's just slightly larger than the two fists.
You get grassroots solutions
We don't have time to go into all of those details
hit play on an iPod or a tape deck or something that would start playback.
but it still leaves something behind.
we can keep on doing it for a very long time.
since we can now start to map brain function
and then we cooled it down to just a fraction of a degree above absolute zero.
This is the same procedure
but one of the things that he's doing is
So the incentives are much larger to produce drugs which treat more people.
then we see the differences
Holy shit! They're the same! No matter what the shapes were
that chunk of metal can be in two different places
So I made a deal with the adults  that the kids could come in
the sperm is carrying an X chromosome
in higher soul-like concerns
So we light our buildings with daylight.
And what if I do this progression that the six-year-olds did of saying
So we should do everything we can
And that's affecting their academic achievement.
We've done right now two human brains-worth of data.
in a situated fashion
Somehow we have to understand ourselves to get around our flaws.
The treaties were out the window.
the simplicity gets complex.
I'm going to increase the speed by two each time
a lot of them were very interested in science
you're kind of alienating a large client there.
When I run it through my lab
at least eight billion people.
his stick fingers made their way up to his pajama shirt
Optimism is sometimes characterized as a belief
something else that is being worshiped.
we ended the time of treaty-making.
I locked myself in a room
It's good for everybody.
Now what's the problem with this
I sat a moment and I heard Rafi telling his father
we can lay out the frames side by side
you would look just like Al Gore.
spilling out of the body here.
But you can also see things underneath there as well.
who'd done some work with the U.S.
Most people make a strict correlation between how much time
which is nice work if you can get it.
the remarkable clean coal technology you see here changes everything.
How can the Bible be so barbaric in some places
I just noticed that as I finished this skull,
and we started looking for a place to eat.
This is not in your head.
There were so many things new to me.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time
if they're surrounded by places that make them feel at home
The universe is large and we are tiny
the ball of their foot is the only thing that ever hits the track
And then another pair of legs we collaborated on were these .
Investments in education are increasing the supply of  new ideas.
we can't learn to see until we admit we're blind.
what are we looking for
Thank you for that reaction.
and we're responding to androgens.
The man was without legs and only with one arm.
And as Dan Buettner can tell you
This a place where the dead are brought in.
This is a different kind of boy and a different kind of girl.
the exemplary father figures in society
Thank you Bill Gates and thank you Ma.
So if you take a deeper look at the brain
he had to be the bearer
Sometimes I see a lot of it
I'm just going to try slip in it.
for these particular patients
He's just a little boy.
and it's another thing to see that system as it ebbs and flows.
But it's a big part of the Bible
So what I want to argue for
but I want to show you two short clips.
the exact meaning of the word educate comes from the root word educe.
and maybe even understand.
Now I don't want you to spend too much time imagining the conception
There's the cerebellum
And I told it pretty much the same way I've just shared it with you.
Britney has loomed pretty large lately.
I'm a journalist and not a technologist
government openly declared its position on Native rights.
It's a very logical plan
And people are embracing this.
how we live best in dense environments.
The discussion is all about images on the computer
basically we have public leaders
And then she was nervous.
cannot in all the states have the same right that Henry has in all the states
or a mosque or a cathedral
exhibit irresponsible behavior
And it contracts in summer.
If you're in the art world
It's called Drop Dead Healthy.
like I did with the dodo skull
And I met a music video director named Chris Milk.
How many Ramanujans are there in India today toiling in the fields
minus an area roughly equal to the state of Arizona.
We would like to start it
is not that we should give up on our ideas of success.
two workers per retiree in the U.S.
What we fear is the judgement and ridicule of others.
we need to increase the production of feet.
We talk about how another world isn't just possible
is to have an African anatomy in terms of your history.
Green is the sort of cool areas where it's not turned on.
Somebody that might even be super-abled.
we can modify the workbench maybe to put a special stool
the American Indian Movement
There are hair follicles on them
And I spoke with a gatekeeper.
We'll come back to these people later.
Growth of six percent a year.
because this photo completely rocked my world.
I was very influenced by that anecdote.
It's a remarkable thing.
but it showed bilateral
which helps it bubble up to the top.
his voice behind me say
And they're quite subtle.
more powerful than ever before
towards diagnosing brain disorders in children.
They see us as adults
their names still vivid on my tongue
Perhaps this is just me
so she sat in every seat in our apartment
he'll put numbers in where he thinks there should be numbers.
Here is just a little bit of data.
particularly in the United States
which is just as good as my link.
but preparing them to meet it well.
the stem cells are isolated and turned into neurons.
But we only looked at a handful of individuals at this point.
These are now two years out.
And this is the idea that Science Magazine used on their front cover.
you see on the West coast planes moving across
as important as it is to change the light bulbs
You must become the change you wish to see in the world.
Our lives are being driven by data
And we have to organize our response  appropriately.
Well I don't know yet
You may not agree with the ideas
You're just picking and choosing.
A third of the people on this planet are kids.
or a diary that lives in a box somewhere.
would change the game.
So when the children see this
I always keep my thesaurus handy whenever I'm writing anything
Those who were still around in school
we would get a lot more out of art.
And they don't really change much.
we might be putting lids and casting shadows on their power.
in terms of the identity
they believe that we are in severe need of assistance.
You can be logical and intuitive.
She speaks in a funny way.
plain English consumer credit agreement.
I have to first admit to you that I'm a huge fan of the Founding Fathers.
you better be able to write your name legibly
This is what I wanted to say.
we just don't connect the ulcer with the eventual treatment
Why did you come back and get your care here
Mahmoud was going to be discharged with his new legs.
trying to forecast future growth for the United States
But in this century China is coming on line.
Tribes lost millions of acres.
Here's what he wrote in starting that out.
So you put that up front so that
his mind was locked inside his body.
The United States has been an idea leader.
if it's more coming in.
it's tricky to see what's going on.
and the second one took three more
real car near the end of the video.
So I'm going to end it there.
whether or not there is a God
The first was that I grew up with no religion at all.
some of you might well know that the barber pole
then I slide my hand up to the epitrochlear node
about our status in the world today
and diabetes leads to a predictable onset of debilitating disease.
This drying around the world has lead to  a dramatic increase in fires.
They were moving towards a naturalistic concept.
And we can mobilize resources and political will.
I'd like to tell you about one such child
It's not about a scientific rendering of a sheep.
Let's look at neurons.
So they introduced me to five families.
the fat of the land goes to wasichu.
then you have a portfolio that is crammed with sub-prime carbon assets.
Mahmoud had looked taller.
And if we cannot figure out a way to deal with that torque
combined with deep inequalities.
They started a public campaign that says
I never miss a single training session.
And so our project is seeking to look at this readout
but in fact it's not a good way to start learning about mathematics.
Would they give me charts and graphs that I could color
It's not like they're mutually exclusive or anything.
Here's a design for distilling water using sunlight.
And a woman comes in with a child
no one will believe you till they get a CAT scan
but they want their own version of a life which is more prosperous
They understand where to make these assignments.
So I'm not going to do that
with my view of simplicity
so our project is seeking to look at this readout
You can see on the microscope slide here
But I do believe that between now and November
the physical rehabilitation was suspended.
are not going to change anything.
and it'll cool it down to just above freezing
The so-called permanent ice
in the process of identification
And everybody disappeared from the street.
the humanity behind this hugely mechanical process.
we would truly be able to do something different.
And so the following day
It's the coolest stuff.
a lot of different sheep.
So again this is what they can see under the microscope.
And I think that's what the religious wars of late have ignored.
physical rehabilitation is a priority.
that will be strictly defined by our position in the social hierarchy.
there was a clear lesson here.
that this way of working
The next time you see somebody driving a Ferrari don't think
my mother's prenatal physician had gone on vacation
This is from a game called Food Force
that the food stocks would become depleted
My view is that museums should take a leaf out of the book of religions.
along with a number of colleagues around the world.
undiscovered continent.
Just to give him some money.
maybe even dancing with it.
where nobody has any idea what it is they're working on.
will distill water from the air that's clean and drinkable.
I grew up with the scientific worldview
you lose a little bit of volume
And it was fascinating
So don't worry about climate change.
When you take away everything that he ever learned in this world
is to take a look at TED.
Propaganda is a manner of being didactic in honor of something.
the novels of Jane Austen.
And while burning coal is one of the leading causes of global warming
looking like she had a strong grip.
along with most of the other experimental quantum physicists
How could I be more successful
This is practically the model of TED.
when writing about evolution
It was really a fascinating journey.
that's where we put a lot of money.
to make sure we can accelerate the pace at which these things get to patients.
This is an older lady.
then you would  expect it to be warmer here and cooler here.
religions are so subtle
Once you do those things
and the total was nine on that one
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a crowded elevator
So we were excited by this idea
These humpback whales were getting killed.
but that it's ridiculous.
buy green electricity where you can.
We were seeking normal human brains.
And the whole idea of one's relationship to their work changed  a lot.
building humanity into communications.
I always begin with the pulse
How many of you still dream like that and believe in the possibilities
Feminism is all about undoing stereotypes about gender
This is spreading everywhere.
My favorite example is a drill.
And as we get farther and farther with our science
like acid rain from the Midwest to the Northeast
They give researchers a handle on where to go.
And I remember watching a kid playing on a car stop.
I spray it on for about three or four days
If I start the little game here that the kids have done
It's what we believe about people when we name them with these words.
It's an impossible dream.
particularly to anybody who's come to Oxford from abroad.
And it's not just in terms of sex.
And then the surprise turns into hope.
accidents of things dropping on people's heads
What is going to be the next change
Now we're already starting to see some experiments here.
Should we send this child to the psychologist
when I do a talk like this
I particularly like the little Linux penguin in the back.
You have taught me to walk.
And I believe this is going to prove true.
he'll check all the boxes
This is hitting the reservoirs.
you lose a little bit of size.
which is a pretty great thing.
You can see that blue dot there cutting.
Now I think that's a very beautiful idea and a very true idea.
Science and just observation gives us that feeling without it
I met with creationists.
and he made this amazing Flash drawing tool.
If there are landlines in many developing world cities
and I've become very close with them
I find the last two words under Near Antonyms particularly unsettling
they won't be able to do that anymore.
We went off a cliff but we recovered.
and we put them on a website called TenThousandsCents.
the alternative is unimaginable.
I'm a physician practicing with cutting-edge technology.
which was when this meme started
The thread that links them all
intervene at a much earlier stage than when we saw her.
a tabloid newspaper that I don't recommend you to start reading
most of the carbon has been leeched over time out of the atmosphere
and I was going to improve U.S.
I don't want them to be teased at school by the other students.
They've bounded the city with a line.
the number of elementary school classroom teachers has been cut in half.
It's three times hotter than Mercury
So I was able to actually  screen-shot and freeze-frame to make sure.
to claim their own descriptions of themselves
I go to schools to talk to young
and it's people who trade
Put a price on carbon.
They tell us to have a bath.
and Long Beach on the bottom.
their roots will detect the chemicals in them
and we turned on the lights and looked inside the box
they're multinational
the patient said to me with some awe
finishing up with triple-zero steel wool.
you politely ignore it.
it changes its properties and he peels it right out of the dish.
Tell people what it means.
When a spirit has those qualities
And you can pause it and step back and forth and see different phases.
And that problem is envy.
There's so much we can absorb.
that all of the past is but the beginning of a beginning.
They're in the back of our body.
and that concept was all men are created equal.
the first to be selectively bred for production traits
When the child is born
And I'm teaching myself to knit
Let's look to the plays of Shakespeare
and it took me about a thousand miles to write the book.
I want to share briefly a Tale of Two Planets.
which is one of the greenest buildings in the world.
so this is about a baby hair's width.
And so I consider myself one of these people
without lessening mine.
And that's why we enjoy looking at glaciers and oceans
what if you really did take the Bible literally
All of those conversations need to be happening.
as it developed in the theaters of ancient Greece
and is at the heart of the patient-physician relationship.
To put this differently
this is where we're projected to go with the U.S.
Now I have to write what she tells me to write.
in the United States today
You see the cells coming back out.
I like to think that I do a thorough physical exam
and when the patient came for the physical
there may even be a simpler approach.
Let me just tell you two really quickly.
And it's that that that I'm trying to leave room for.
so I can't go on a pilgrimage.
And there's been a shift in my thinking over time
you can think of this as almost mapping our interstate highways
This is somebody who is greedy.
This is a diabetic ulcer.
and then the right half
but delivered something individually unique to each person who contributed
Latest studies from NASA.
and Conan Doyle describes the following exchange.
is sculpted by a guy named Fred Sexton.
I've also been interested in sex difference research.
attention deficit disorder
So as the song picks up emotion
So I had always thought
so that wasn't happening.
But the religious world doesn't think that way.
And that's a lot of the reason why we care so much about our careers.
And then we find some outliers
in the Fifth Century B.
they're pot within a pot design.
The reactor will serve to fertilize the environment
So here's a few statistics from the project.
He was a college professor at a state school
it gets harder and harder to enjoy yourself.
and beetroots out the top
I'll pay you two cents for your contribution.
I'm exercising every day
That gives you an idea of the different types of motivations and dedication.
instead of having ovaries inside and a uterus
if we can find the right cells and implant them in the body
and I can paint my toenails.
They don't just deliver us sermons on this.
And one of the things we're really
It was so overwhelming
And so she must have taken the ferry over.
don't do this in the school handbook
We don't have a situation that Iran has
So what we have is a sort of situation where the farther our science goes
so we seem to have drifted away.
This started an incredible journey.
This started an incredible journey.
And we shouldn't behave as though it is known.
marching with the Girl Scouts
And if you find one that you're interested in
And this little girl comes up to me.
or that I'm so different from
everything you've posted onto Twitter
We're also selecting for brains in which we can get the tissue
But this wasn't really out of altruism.
I think this is really cool.
The Japanese government were perhaps the first
and try to live by the Bible.
and try to live the Bible.
he offers us something of a solution in his I have a dream speech.
all you really need is one person to show you the epiphany of your own power
and if we surround that C square with three more triangles and we copy that
perhaps even before it was symptomatic
So really my concluding point is you may not agree with religion
so on the one hand we have the unthinkable
So that as we the people try to create a more perfect union
Just in the last two days
or would it make small intestine if I tried to make a new ear
or would it make small intestine if I tried to make a new ear
We went from bed to bed.
And I thought I'd end with just a couple more.
Sub-Saharan Africa has been the area of the world most resistant to growth.
This is the place where we make the legs.
I still have to ask you the question
And maybe that's where we need to go in the future
So what we're looking at is a little chunk of metal
But here's what really perplexed me.
I'm pistoning out of it.
even I could tell my hip was bad.
we are able to create new realities and new ways of being.
it's hard sometimes to remember the extent of that urbanization.
they may do the healing.
And there's a lot of reasons why I chose sheep.
There is another reason why we might be feeling more anxious
And I think this is what we've done with climate change.
Here go the stem cells
We find men on the marching lines of the Civil Rights movement saying
and if you did that in a way that allowed it to remain biologically active
and if you did that in a way that allowed it to remain biologically active
the tools we use to change the world
and it's particularly bad for boys.
That means that every atom is in two different places at the same time
That means that every atom is in two different places at the same time
and I got a good look at them
The brain is removed from the skull
This is from A Force More Powerful.
was inspired by Sir Joseph Bell.
And you can see the trapezoids are a little challenging there.
Art is about two things in all the major faiths.
it's full of people who've messed up their lives.
and then we develop our intuition from there.
And it was successful overall.
If a guy from Mars came down and saw
But there are also  regional environmental problems
But it was a terrific job.
which is a significant shift.
a child will achieve.
right at their center
It's incredibly difficult because it's highly inter-disciplinary.
I just like to dive right in and become sort of a human guinea pig.
if you look through her records
The first is zero tolerance.
as we're weeping softly into our pillows.
a bowling ball will always follow the same path.
But the difference is
ths isn't exactly true.
Which is incidentally why none of you should ever go to a school reunion.
When we analyzed all the news stories and removed just one story
based on the short-term returns
and it told me to go via Guernsey.
At that time I found myself in a strange situation.
that salaries are still significantly lower
People were actually getting poorer than their parents.
ought to be beautiful in themselves.
We've slightly lost the habit of doing that.
So the kids want to do a steering wheel.
And it is based on an old model.
like it is in the movie.
and where are they going to find sources of consolation
We are highly open to suggestion.
And the IRS has introduced the program.
because to say the thing out loud brought it into existence.
We need to put ourselves into boy culture.
the one with the white coat.
The way I like to put this is
I've sketched a sort of broad framework.
they come from all walks of life.
The bad news is that's not true.
And in our modern country
It would be insane to call Hamlet a loser.
if we see adversity as natural
That's the annual ice in winter.
So if you want understand the action of drugs
I think it would be very unusual for anyone here
I went to the orthopedic center.
I want to talk a little bit about what it is that they wanted.
They wanted it to end precisely on time.
the message is we will treat your symptoms
in communities all across the country
They're collaborative
there is twice as much light available for everyone.
And what I need now is to learn to be like that.
I was going everyday to work for the homeless.
and find out at the end of a journey
It had a beautiful facility
I did pray the other day
So get on your knees and repeat it.
they say that you should have a shot glass full of sunscreen.
the terms of the second Fort Laramie Treaty had been violated.
There were many other things to do.
But I will ask the question
but if there is one dominant emotion in modern society
TED literally was the launch pad to the next decade of my life's exploration.
You get new tools for people in the developing world.
As I mentioned last year
was a man called John Wesley
Is China drinking our milkshake
they created an entire marketing campaign around it.
and I passed it through until
most boys tend to be a certain way
and we're eating all sorts of stuff.
After previewing it and confirming it's what you submitted
real car works every time
and integrating it into teaching resident students
can cause real damage
But what this does to our children is really not healthy.
and over time cost less.
we gotta get you on the table.
And the story is that Leopold Auenbrugger was the son of an innkeeper.
This story eclipsed every country except Iraq
the red and white stripes
if you're trying to get a small business loan
We want our babies to read when they are six months old.
you're going to get short-term decisions.
but we also open sourced it
You'd be fed a simple audio clip.
And I'm dropping a little dot for each one of these things.
many ancient societies
we decide that we're going to prevent dementia
The night before a match I'm very nervous.
And if you look really carefully
just taking photographs.
Because sometimes people from outside the U.S.
It's a group of prop crazies just like me called the Replica Props Forum
So why don't we hear more about the world
like dirty coal and foreign oil.
they'll actually list these specimens
that's what's happening in real time.
posted with tools and limited-use copyrights
And west Antarctica cropped up on top some under-sea islands
and you will become more compassionate.
and he gave them  one of his original plasters of the Maltese Falcon.
and I just indulged myself.
And he was waving a piece of paper
Well I will give him some money.
you will get to the top.
may be much more difficult for the dominant society than
And that's a good thing because in order to make anything a reality
political walls have come tumbling down.
meet people who say things like
If you're in the communal industry
there's reasons for optimism.
we see things not as they are
And the Reddit community
Here's what Jesus said about homosexuality
Every child has known God
a man I had only known about through my mother's stories of that day
Someday I want to meet that woman when I'm stronger.
Why does she want to meet us
And there are lots of those.
I started looking at the best photos I could find.
I wouldn't show you this slide.
and it was a really neat idea
I had a reputation as being interested in patients with chronic fatigue.
they play with these little weird particles.
Now he's really pretty sick.
It's cells and it's wires all wired together.
It's cells and it's wires all wired together.
or saying wait until you're older
And make sure that we own them
This is another project I worked on with Sensible Cities Lab and CurrentCity.
Because it's bad enough
So if you go to the BicycleBuiltforTwoThousand.
it's just mind-boggling.
and they replaced it with a new anatomical concept
The Black Hills are not for sale.
We've put all of that together into one thing
it was an ice-breaker.
I achieved  a very reasonable facsimile of the Maltese Falcon.
But the more I thought about his question
If you'd been a little more optimistic
a prognosis on the expected quality of their life
the more there is a danger of envy.
so that I have the muscle strength so that when I start to wither
There is always a better way to do things.
developing whole new sustainable neighborhoods
This is the work of Kacey Marra from Pittsburgh
suddenly what we find
This is a very unusual teacher who was a kindergarten and first-grade teacher
I can tap into thousands of people's minds.
I do all sorts of weird things
The cancer center was wonderful.
These are supposed to simulate the actual form of a sprinter when they run.
not just with the light bulbs.
So that we can stop compartmentalizing form
I'm also very nuanced about what that word success might mean.
It was the best month of my life
This is looking at another event.
He was actually an elderly man
powerful and athletic person well into the future.
I'd like to talk about my dad.
It's a sin to judge any man by his post.
Because all of those cities we're building are opportunities.
they could actually face the regeneration of that limb.
where you can browse through and see all the individual contributions.
where you can browse through and see all the individual contributions.
But less in a century than you expect to see in a year today.
And I just worked and worked through problems
we're learning how to include in these systems of notation and navigation.
and I'm somebody  who is very interested in success.
I want to suggest to you that I've been talking a lot about the fathers.
Even in their older years
And how much of this history do you need to own
It was more atonal and twelve-tone.
or something like that
I don't want to write that stuff.
but it is lost as we age.
they form institutions.
And he was standing in front of me
Every time the tide comes in and out
a lot of people answered that call.
Scientists have recently discovered the gene or genes which affect X.
there's a sluice of stuff moving into there
and it's enabling us to tell some amazing stories.
And it makes me tense from the point of view of thinking about democracy.
She started singing her song.
you're very attractive.
But the arrival of auscultation and percussion represented a sea change
So if we are to find any meaning in this book
because they had been seen in other places.
How much stuff goes through your life
It sets things into perspective
And a quarter-million people every year use these now in Sao Paulo.
the red-eye flights to the East coast.
because they wanted one of their more thoughtful names to win.
sometimes there's very little
they stand for all indigenous people.
he began to do the same thing.
They are sucked in from other people.
When banking is no longer so respectable
everything from beautiful rings to cockpit photos.
And at the end of a very testy meeting
they didn't bury them yet.
So that's what I've been doing the last couple of years.
There's this group online that I frequent.
and look a little longer
Kids can be full of inspiring aspirations and hopeful thinking
suffer from some developmental disorder.
And the first song I wrote was in English
so that young people can remix it and do it in their own way.
the rich narrative that really engaging video games have
and maybe it's just because I don't play with particles very often.
That you're much better off
there's my master and there's my bronze.
Planning is incredibly important.
A walking helmet is a good helmet.
The focus was around the patient.
It's an escape from our own competition
in order so that the bird could properly be wrapped .
And they can make basically what's a reference atlas.
I don't know if my son is guilty or innocent
it's really pretty remarkable.
use these works of art to cement these ideas in your mind
and it may even slow the progress of the disease.
Has anybody noticed that
there's something important and beautiful about the idea of sacredness
You won't do that by accident
but rather better adults than you have been
the beginning of the twenty-first century
except in terms of when he was born.
Because there's unique fingerprint
Look very closely at pilgrimage.
it expands to the dark blue.
it startles us in terms of those categorizations.
and you can get shot by those who fully believe.
This was one of the huge lessons of the year
if someone such-and-such comes tomorrow
who then established the Tate Gallery.
So let's take a deeper look.
My wife wouldn't kiss me for the last two months.
It doesn't see beauty.
And this one I learned because I tried to follow everything in the Bible.
visible target of concern
what we're talking about is
which we all have in the fetal life
because they were concerned about blood clots in the lung.
who played Wilmer Cook in the movie
reacting along the way
But world GDP per capita
use them once or twice to put a hole in the wall and let them sit.
Who here owns a drill
we landed on the Azores Islands for refueling.
especially for those around me.
He says we should judge people based not on the color of their skin
but it allows me a really
But the climate crisis is the rare but all-important global
this heat-mapping shows everything is intelligible.
because you can choose what you want to pull out from the data.
You can also toggle between altitude for model and manufacturer.
the stuff that's going to run every time.
very carefully with a stiff arm and a straight edge
once it becomes symptomatic
So people were asking a question.
He draws sheep after sheep.
And that day I knew that when I grew up
from people experienced in this kind of reconciliation.
It's separating students from A
We go out there and we hop in our cars and we drive from place to place.
So she was very confident about how she made those numbers there.
I want to start with this slide
It's confusing to watch television
sometimes misunderstood in this context.
the original anatomical activists
the original anatomical activists
Men don't belong here
if you look at the history of the Founding Fathers
secular mode of delivery
but here's what you should do
besides the people who had dropped out.
I love Christmas carols.
figured out the content
what we've found is that
and there's all kinds of activity there.
The teachers didn't know a switch had been made.
we sometimes leave out the citizenship part and the democracy part.
then we're going to have boys who leave elementary school saying
it's been quite clear what being an atheist means.
the sculptor of the Maltese Falcon
This is happening today.
I like climate crisis instead of climate collapse
They wanted to put an end to it.
people like him waiting.
I see the power of music to connect cultures.
So they'd created these artifacts.
believed that to utter a curse verbally was so powerful
And those quarter-million people are some of the poorest people in Sao Paolo.
those lands are a sovereign nation.
and the wife of one of those men grabs the testicles of the other man
Frosty the coal man is getting cleaner everyday.
they never forget from this single trial what a variable is and how to use it.
One was scratching at the end of the stick
They were turned off a long time before they got here.
Months were spent in this tiny
she went into cardiac collapse.
what reality do we want to call into existence
And so you have to start with it.
I gave them the plotline of Madame Bovary.
This is scrolling up the East coast.
This is one of my favorite Worldchanging kinds of things ever.
that had metastasized widely all over the body.
that had metastasized widely all over the body.
They were tired of treaties.
What have you noticed about what you did
Well you are describing a classic ritual.
Well you are describing a classic ritual.
those of you who are good at branding
The largest mountaintop miner is the head of Massey Coal.
The book about it comes out in April.
To give just one example
Even though she is much richer than any of you are.
where the discussion is taking place in a room far away from the patient.
and I put them on a website called TheSheepMarket.
Whether it's software
But what was cool was that the repercussions now for Greenpeace was
People are willing to invest more
they're usually pretty crappy systems that break down a lot
The other things that religions do is to arrange time.
And this was an amazing year.
So what's Worldchanging
I don't know how my friend Mike gets beautiful
When we think about how we're going to make the world a better place
not only in the orthopedic center
So we took these hundred dollar bills
when they finally bring out the bird at the end
If it stopped twitching
that spoke of a kind of attentiveness that she needed.
I've got so many legs in here.
Because we live in such a noisy world.
I know they were racists
not the God of don'ts
we have to become incredibly active as citizens in our democracy.
I don't remember meeting you.
But now there is a bold new solution to get us out of this mess.
the one that Hammett created for the book.
And of course the iron curtains
And that has all sorts of advantages.
It provides the framework.
that maybe I could talk about that another time.
so just one more quick example of a way you can have intersex.
Figure out some of the other options that are much better.
though that may be something
but as a grave for all indigenous peoples.
you have responsibilities.
they were performing at A level.
Kean went on to tell me
I just think that it is impossible.
I really like looking at old churches.
a different organizational model.
And I undertook this for two reasons.
All three have offered leadership
And they were not alone.
we saw growth in Africa.
was walking in the streets of Paris and saw two children playing with a stick.
that the boys are really interested in.
And you should see me during the match.
And most of those classrooms are not places where men exist.
I aspired to that kind of normalcy back then.
a Rube Goldberg machine is a complicated contraption
but you can buy a single plate block of stamps as a commodity.
And so what we can do is
And then the next day
and it's not because of the music
I wanted to see how dressing biblically affected my mind.
When you care for someone with dementia
They had a concept of blue blood.
and we fed those into the Mechanical Turk.
that are much more comfortable than standard buildings
I was never as kind as my dad
Perhaps a stealth thing.
And I was sitting in a hallway one night and a couple girls came up to me.
in the generation of those alive today
Conflict is the genesis of creation.
the stratosphere would be heated as well as the  lower atmosphere
and coal is the most serious problem.
unless you're a particle physicist.
Some people who have XX chromosomes develop what are called ovotestis
but they did not touch my breasts.
really for the first time in modern history
you will be ordered out of your home
you have to be collaborative.
and then we put a florescent tag on it.
I expected people to be wondering
and you change your behavior
So my hip had been hurting me for years.
We take a microscope slide.
Now they can come in and they can start to get clues about activity.
and you become emotionally involved in that cause.
I have never been at the front of the line for anything.
My favorite is Sophocles' Oedipus the King.
You have choices with everything you buy
And I think that's what helped drive this.
Lot of other things contributed to it
And by the time the movie comes out in May
and I was walking through the hospital
you have to dream about it first.
and you see people going to sleep.
can I take some cells along with the material
A new sense of urgency.
He asked the question
But this one's kind of cool.
a sense of our own power.
Politeness is a much-overlooked virtue.
Learning between grown ups and kids should be reciprocal.
you would all stand up and you would go
If I want to make a little script to do this over and over again
Kids already do a lot of learning from adults
That's a lovely idea.
there's the object in the world.
So without noise reduction technology
what we would have is more of a concept of
and this organization
we have an opportunity
man-made global warming pollution
and you've been making liar out of me ever since.
what our Founding Fathers were rejecting was a concept of monarchy
even when controlled for job types
which is self-improvement.
The machine itself would start the music.
which benefits everyone in the world.
they're highly effective mechanisms for doing so.
I blew it up to the actual size
When I'm starting talks like this
And I should say I think this is a rather modest prediction.
and yet so incredibly wise in others
These are massive machines.
The biggest single cause of global warming
How was the Bible written
what it means to be a black person is
No matter your position of place in life
hold your horses when you're coming to judge people.
And if you drop them at the same time
Along with that is a kind of spirit of equality.
It should be Go Go Gadget! No
the greatest preacher
and that leaves two open areas that are kind of suspicious
Now religions have a much saner attitude to art.
So as you walk around a church
it like everybody's got a story.
really got behind this.
The four corners of the world are watching
which may be a little challenging considering your guys credentials
This one was unexpected because I started the year as an agnostic
This is an annual melting river.
The reality is that covering Britney is cheaper.
Things that don't have any wiring in them at all
We're just starting to look at this data ourselves.
also just staring at me.
and a physical action backs up a philosophical idea.
One of the places we're seeing it
You've heard of phantom limb pain
because you don't know who they are.
told them they were bright.
There is a real difference between an unfortunate and a loser.
So I thought today I'd do something a little different
When they come and light their candles at ours
I believe this is a Farsi word for immortal.
They are my teachers.
We need to group together.
And it was Doc Watson singing and playing Shady Grove.
and it did allow me to talk about in a more serious way these big issues.
It's no longer the gods
Could you regenerate a limb
the legs I presented were groundbreaking in prosthetics.
We're looking a lot at this.
You want to be an Indian now
but also in the houses of the people.
And to switch on processes that we knew how to do when we were a fetus.
and they're highly disciplined.
Now help me not to be a beggar anymore.
And he asked a very important question.
We do not think that way.
So when you think about your parents or your grandparents
They don't think we need it.
so that my suffering is something positive for other women.
look at how religions are spreading ideas.
we're assaying genes.
a dermatitis that is unique to the linoleum factory workers in Burntisland.
Low-cost family restaurant chain
Where she wasn't sure what six times six was
And being the youngest of seven
is losing its idea leadership.
We're all basically equal.
One has a working fluid
that Darwin illustrated
That is what free gets you.
because I've been interested in intersex
in his film opus called the The Cremaster Cycle.
We're only just holding it together.
I didn't like that at all.
Most of these expenditures are also profitable.
many of the people you've seen on this stage.
Clearly the images kind of get that across.
Most of those cites are growing incredibly quickly.
if you can't heal it.
And we get confirmation.
This is not a reputation you would wish on your worst enemy.
This is just for the United States of America.
I've had this checked by the two top consumer credit lawyers in the country.
at the beginning of the twenty-first century
And the orthopedic center was closed.
Now there's a lot of ways to fill and get yourself a nice smooth finish.
If I essentialize gender for you today
home education for those who cannot go to school.
What an exciting and inspiring event.
I think it's a crazy idea
But it's part of the puzzle.
and I looked and there was a man running across the runway.
It's part of our life.
So she was like that jazz musician friend you have who never studied music
had her sex called into question at the International Games in Berlin.
After Justin was given anti-seizure medication
I'm nervous enough as it is.
I've actually coined a term for that entity in the computer.
These are all things that ended up not making it into the final machine.
and the fundamentalists will use it in a denigrating way
would look like today.
If you roll over any one of those individual thumbnails
Many of you here have the opportunity to ensure that a lot of people see it.
she actually has testes inside
not getting what you want.
and how you view brands.
understanding why we're here
So if the world is not as it seems and we see things as we are
Water's one of the most pressing problems.
And they say these things as if it's okay.
and the existence of low self-esteem.
And it might be a little bit expensive at the time that we did it
now the average person is looking at diabetes
we need to think a little differently.
So about a hundred years ago
easier for their caregivers to look after
Compared to the total amount of global warming pollution in the atmosphere
And we're very careful about the brains that we do take.
There's trains and planes and cars and Bill O'Reilly
The rest of the time they're delocalized.
we need to structure time
Why did I draw a sheep
And I was a guinea pig and
We're already an urban planet
say in making the rules
He was clearly embarrassed.
and very crushing if you're not.
or else we'll consider it a developmental delay.
But it's even worse to have an idea of what it is you want
check your Blackberry
you could submit it into the Mechanical Turk with no other context.
I knew I had to take a banjo with me to China.
and a greater supply of ideas for the world.
It's the reason we're not in the Dark Ages anymore.
they train you to engage them in activities that are familiar
killed James Elroy's mother.
don't stare at her legs.
if you're a secularist person
which is to get a bunch of stuff
it's pretty unintelligible.
You can see this in the data.
For the Hollywood people in the audience
You have more influence than some of us who are Democrats do.
I went to the Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder
what Murray was talking about yesterday in the fractal beauty of nature
I met Mahmoud one year later.
the kids descend on this table of legs
divided between two floors.
So that may be a very direct way that we see it happen.
if I would have traded prosthetics for flesh and bone legs
I think it's too easy to dismiss the whole of religion that way.
How would your consciousness handle your body being delocalized in space
where we found people like Sojourner Truth talking about
Two groups of Mujahideen started fighting.
a billion gallons of coal sludge was spilled.
It's not your business what they do with them.
By the time you're in first grade
that artists shouldn't say what they're up to
So that's one problem.
and incredibly challenging.
And then I asked for verification.
we were just providing them with artificial limbs.
shiny surfaces with his Sculpey
And this actually represented kind of a sea change to me.
there's no problem with it at all.
and I always felt uneasy trying to answer people's questions about it
There's a limb prosthetic up here
maybe a little cheap shot
we're basically sort of wallowing
A number of governments
We're taking over a thousand samples for each brain.
it's about the systems below.
to make them part of the decision-making process and then
That's my greatest hope.
That's my greatest hope.
which is the logical side
I would look at the tongue.
whether it's camel dung or wood.
is that I almost pretended to be a better person
nobody is talking on that scale.
since this is a tech crowd
while you're playing it
Now education is a field the secular world really believes in.
but at the end of the day
We need all sorts of new technology
I want to repeat that part.
but how you're going to meet it.
And finally I learned that thou shall pick and choose.
but it was also science growing up at the same time.
a default out of that
I would percuss the chest.
Artists and innovators
Greenpeace was thrilled.
You put it on a cooking fire.
What we're finding is that what we want is access to the capacities of things.
So this should really be seen at home with you typing in your own address
selling it in the present and call it GDP.
And the point is that
The new is better than the old.
even though I disagree with much of what they say.
how do we maximize that incentive
It's a completely different way of doing it.
And this lady decided
circling around the sun.
And the other nerdy side of me thought
there's no reason for you to invest in last generation's technologies.
or design and architecture community.
they became asymptomatic.
I told him Come tomorrow.
prevented by the fighting.
all kinds of trends get born right on our front page.
to sort of help the cause.
And hence the painting The Doctor
this shouldn't be partisan.
Here's a way of transporting water.
so when I stand in these legs
So we're seeing this in all sorts of places in human life.
so does much of the drinking water.
Because living so healthily was killing me.
if they lose their fingertip in an accident
it's trying to remind you of what there is to love.
Now religions start from a very different place indeed.
So I wear two hats in most of what I do.
We have visions like this.
I finally went to the doctor
than ever in the past
there might be something
And I asked them to write the headline for the story of Othello.
you could get your tummy-tuck.
Another that ended slavery.
it's a true condemnation of our health care system
a study in e-content showed that much of global news from U.S.
and at eight frames a second
So I wasted some time there.
and this is the way it works.
the silicon sheath I roll over to keep it on which
Taking it a step further
not just how to protect
If you want to change the world
He's affordable and adorable
Globalization is increasing the demand for ideas
of the Maltese Falcon on eBay
Now if that were true
having collected a couple of hundred.
his naked heart still shines.
Weighs about eight pounds
Buckminster Fuller once wrote
what the NIH director said is
I went to the creationists' museum.
IBM has responsibilities
and she referred me to an orthopedic surgeon
the more expensive it is  to take care of our diseases as we get older.
I want to write about this really interesting world.
They were moving away from supernatural explanations
So I wanted to follow those.
Mahmoud was the fastest in the production line.
I will be with you through the end.
by not doing a complete exam
Here's what happened last fall that has really unnerved the researchers.
the ways the airports change.
This is a bio-morphic building.
We think very highly of ourselves.
and it's shaped like a diving board
And it really opened my eyes to this conversation  that could be explored
I grabbed all the reference
a speaker finds this complex
whatever has happened in their lives
how much money do I have in my pocket
which is just turning around there.
I wanted it to be about religion in America.
In the secular world we think
I just pictured a first grade teacher out in the lobby  with these unruly kids
So first I started with the mind.
when we're traveling abroad
I just drag these guys out and set them going.
Now we're not there yet.
How else can we create new ideas
We are at a private school in the American West
I wrote the book on a treadmill
Now all of these are fine projects
they actually spin it.
because if they said it
and it's sticking out over a ledge.
those pretty broad outlines.
It turned out that Justin was almost certainly not autistic.
they started fighting.
that's pretty obvious.
or fighting a famine.
I work for Esquire magazine
So one can have so-called spiritual moments without belief in the spirit.
it's trying to remind you of what there is to fear and to hate.
what you're trying to imbibe
Religions are fascinating in the way they try and combine the two.
they'd stick a feather on somebody's nose
you'll want to be heard just like my generation.
and I happened across the Maltese Falcon.
when they light their candles at ours
And people simply do not have enough to survive.
but it's a great story.
I talk about things that everybody in this room I'm sure has already heard of
meeting the X chromosome of the egg.
Sit them in a classroom
but Pioneer Germ Fighters totally rules.
I do most of my speaking in front of an education crowd
They have a pamphlet that says
And so for those who are undaunted
How do we help people like that
So I took him into a safe place.
Well I'm not a particularly brave person
when they could be feeding the world
in effective and reasonably comfortable manners.
it will pretty much get where it needs to go.
My dad was kind and loving before he had Alzheimer's
I was ready to tell him
as opposed to the parts about homosexuality is a sin
The legs were swollen and the knees were stiff
and I scaled them out to the size of the skull.
for the internally displaced people.
net before it's too late.
just like what Al Gore had
I'm doing weight-bearing exercise
But I've become increasingly interested in religion.
So growth can wash away even what appears to be a great depression.
a really crappy replica
the incentive to create new ideas.
And she was reluctant to tell me.
And the cost of iteration is so cheap that you might as well give it a go.
We can re-imagine adversity as something more than just tough times.
but it is exactly the same size as the United States
Because the solution seems so far in the past
then you get all the way down to people who live in the Asia-Pacific region
It's just incredible.
There is another source of solace and comfort for all this.
So let's think about the atoms.
It's incumbent upon us
Because in the last four years we've seen all kinds of memes
we should all vote this up.
it leads to increased rates of suicide.
which in turn means the entire chunk of metal is in two different places.
How do we develop this intuition
Somebody said the test we're facing now
evangelical Christianity
Now what do those differences look like
but it was not always like this.
If we can change the dynamic
And when we have overwhelming problems in front of us
vague possibility out there
and in a far more nasty way
And they get depressed and they get sad on their own.
The suffering of indigenous peoples is not a simple issue to fix.
And you get water solutions.
Transportation walls came tumbling down.
They've done a lot of good for girls in these situations.
and maybe even an obligation
They're all about transformation.
that sounds like a really good idea.
I was able to do a thorough physical
But it was kind of an interesting thought.
as you can see evidenced by such examples
If you said to a modern liberal individualist
Everybody is wearing jeans
And as a teacher of medicine
and remove a damaged piece of tissue
but connected to the ideas that are here
I left him with my sister at Leith.
the other one is common.
and a lot of light and dark comes into it.
all sorts of dynamics that are deeply disturbing.
where are they going to find guidance
Consider sending somebody to Nashville.
She comes from an odd place.
we purify the RNA out of it using some basic technology
I set off to do just that.
really expressed this quite well.
that there is going to be an element where we are not succeeding.
So this is Oblivion by Astor Piazzolla.
He began to tap on the chests of his patients
And then I understood
and help stop global warming.
Would they give me academic journals so I could scribble in the margins
And indeed start caring so much about material goods.
You immerse yourself in the water
we're only just holding it together.
she started out the journey with two children
And we can reflect here the way Gillian Ishijima did.
I was reading this list out loud to a friend and at first was laughing
It expands in winter and contracts in summer.
They've ignored the possibility of harmonious disagreement.
And so that's what we did.
like a sort of a Scalia version of the Bible
and the second one was in Chinese.
our country would not exist.
if you think it already hasn't.
For me they normally happen
if they're not harmful
where I hired a team of people in Bangalore
I'm going to give you a hundred bucks.
and I became a little bit of a better person.
The bad news is we don't know exactly what's causing this
They've taken the wrong substance.
his brain was subject to the more typical masculine component of hormones.
And then he added something I will never forget for the rest of my life.
It became a policy of positive discrimination
What does this mean for the future of mankind
we'd need between five
It's very powerful work.
What's needed really is a higher level of consciousness.
Out comes the liposuction fluid
At such and such a date
the results can be somewhat comical.
So I'm going to put the slide up now.
So here we can see the white represents low altitudes
that got us a little angry.
Communal ownership of reservation lands ends.
Here's an insight that I've had about success.
And if you measure very
appreciating them and diving into them.
So here I had this Falcon
Now all of this has been tremendous for the world.
but humbled by the complexity of the brain
Art should be didactic.
To put it in perspective
have a really dramatically unsustainable level of this.
It is possible and it is not difficult.
We provide the patients
There is a real correlationship
she has a dermatitis on the fingers of her right hand
This is an opportunity.
rounds look very much like this
He made no attempt at diagnosis.
But no longer is the message going to be coming from just the top down.
that turned out to be letting him fill out forms.
A friend of mine sent me something called a hip-hop bible
But because it's an escape from the human anthill.
my first night out on the town
Cars and trucks are very significant
all of those proteins are encoded by our genomes.
we obviously need brains.
beige person if they existed
because we're understanding that we need to do more than we are.
It's been on calendars
My response to him was
Let's imagine one of them
Her mouth dropped open when she saw me
but together we can change his appetite.
And this was the final vote.
It's doing something new.
so seeds that could save your life.
Then there is the fictional bird
I think you're going to break one of those bands.
is battles over the beginning of life and the end of life.
everybody is the same.
We don't have that kind of situation.
because it's a pattern matching exercise.
So we can't relate to her.
And in the other case
use all-natural light
much better than the average crowd
I was also influenced by another experience that I had
not knowing that the economy was about to go off a cliff.
as well as cognitive symptoms.
function and aesthetic
Everybody's moving from the East coast to the West coast.
The first was avoiding the little sins that we all commit every day.
You would think that person might have made a lot of money
It's really important to look at the Moon.
Implicit in this phrase of overcoming adversity
not so much overcoming adversity
But we were all so nervous.
makes this neat sound when you jump around on it.
And now to introduce their music video
In order to be optimistic about this
So if you're in drug discovery
It's when we warmed it up
I know she really cried for her son.
This is age versus cost of health care.
And they helped me understand that rituals are all about transformation.
However there is a political battle in our country.
and we have the lowest standards in the world
So I think half of my book advance went into sunscreen.
Support the idea of capping carbon dioxide emissions
am into their studio for an interview with Anderson Cooper.
I'm not interested in doing that.
And also according them a level of sympathy.
Well how else can we create new ideas
We call it tracking here in the States.
outside the context of the film
to see beauty in themselves and others
most of it  is in the atmosphere.
if you're in the travel industry
The move destroyed the reservations
of that clinical era.
doesn't matter what's in its way
to bring out potential.
we had embraced and wept.
It's a standard template by which we're going to hang the rest of this data.
and the community of your peers will vote it up if they like it
Many of you may have heard of the Lakota
I knew I would find her someday
I'm going to share with you some of the exciting work that's going on.
I can make a really great box.
It was really a life-changing project.
then you can dismiss what I have to say.
as it is opening ourselves up to it
do anything other than look at the screen.
people are actually perfectly healthy.
and he helps our economy grow.
in my home in Tennessee
And even at this point
There were incredibly difficult moments in the building of this thing.
if you threw away all the cells
And I went to see The Sunday Sport
his hands moved as if in slow motion.
the voting started and we actually got behind it ourselves.
And higher oil prices mean a greater incentive to invest in energy R&D.
with taking out the best sides of religion.
then perhaps one more puzzle in one more brain will be solved.
One is the beginning of the music video.
Most of the educational games do not.
Majora mentioned this.
It's involved in learning and memory.
at least you know you don't have to reset the whole thing.
a series of events was set in motion by a people who look like me
He would have a great time.
And so I became the head of neurophysiology for the clinical arm of this team
instead of using material
And it turned out that one of the guys there
so he needed a long preparation.
But if it were your culture
this stranger had to be the bearer of bad news.
to live my life for me.
Earth and Venus  are exactly the same size.
This is the complete antithesis of regenerative medicine.
and then the next one.
I appreciate your attention today
I'd like to close by saying that no one's going to change our vision
That's a lot of people.
But Murray Gell-Mann yesterday talked about emergent properties.
so you can see the diversity of aircraft that are in the skies above us.
At the other end of the planet
which has a dramatically negative impact on our life.
it's going to be right around this point you'll actually see a back-flush.
This is a more detailed map.
postage stamps in many different countries.
Especially if you're me
But eventually it stops working
They are sure that parents and administrators will never accept anything.
despite all the advances in medical technology
I'm here today to show my photographs of the Lakota.
meeting that X chromosome of the egg.
I'm going to show you an example of each of these
everyday objects around us.
and they were interested in a concept of a naturalistic world.
and they were interested in a concept of a naturalistic world.
some of us have done that
So I rather like this picture here.
you need to listen and learn from kids and trust us and expect more from us.
And influential voices came up with one answer.
So the red levels are where a gene is turned on to a great degree.
and the rest of the internet
and avoid that they get married and suffer as much as I did
I hope that that turns out to be true.
is turned into methane by microbes.
here's what we should do.
This process for any given brain.
We need a greater demand for ideas
an intellectual posture.
She was the editor then of a magazine called ID
I am a scrap of a man
Prozac and Wellbutrin.
I may be a little taller.
This is the fifth prototype.
So here's what we're doing.
and it was a success in a sense.
We like to feel in contact with something that is non-human.
This is not regenerative medicine.
Now you can see some of the reasons why I'm optimistic.
and that SRY gene on the Y chromosome tells the proto-gonads
and they started practicing for the last time before being discharged.
if it isn't Aimee Mullins.
Many of these buildings are incredibly beautiful
I think that if we want to discover the full potential in our humanity
And the good news is that we can.
Facebook applications were getting created.
growth extended to almost all parts of the world.
And after a few months I was writing songs.
I wish I could find the words to convey this.
we have indeed taken the best part of the meat.
which means we're going to be taking care of you when you're old and senile.
you have a shell design which was used to create a new kind of exhaust fan
This maps the large cabling in the brain.
But we're beginning to see a sea change.
before we had our medications
it becomes easier to share them.
This makes university administrators very nervous
and that girls have continued to struggle in math and science for years.
And little moments in my life.
So I'm preparing to get Alzheimer's disease.
grandparents are raising their grandchildren because parents
Let's probe away at our notions of success.
What's that girl doing
So I think we have to be in the lead.
And why is this a particularly dramatic challenge right now
and the total was four on that one.
of a person's struggle.
They wanted band integration
it happens all the time.
My own parents had anything but low expectations for me and my sister.
Take a good long look
But as much as the small stuff stinks
This is from The Untied States of America.
we can see that we have come up with an accurate physical model.
It's not fair that you can change your height
Former vice president Al Gore announced in Nigeria yesterday
And that love makes us want to be around him
In the United States we've had a somewhat different approach.
But it's not just in developed nations.
But what I think comes next is far more interesting.
what we're out there doing is looking for examples of tools
They wanted to replace scripture with culture.
I remember him sitting behind the workbench smiling.
There's interplay between them.
What happened was women
and this is what I looked like by the end.
or one of the main ones.
five years old or older
That material contained only natural signals.
We transport the wheelchairs everywhere.
most of the people on the planet don't live in the cites we live in.
And I think fairly soon
when you met a very poor person
Most of the educational games that are out there today are really flashcards.
My cholesterol went down
They've passed the wrong legislation.
discovered percussion.
And there's a statistic I often like to use
Yes! We love Splashy Pants.
And the wonderful elation that we had when we finally completed it.
We have a serious compression of the curriculum happening out there.
without the need for further religious superstructure.
public officials who are out of control
We need to increase the production.
Some of it is about walking.
And that's what art is.
So to make matters even more difficult
This is the legacy of manifest destiny.
If the future  of all human civilization depended on me
The fellow passengers for inanimate objects are not just people
when we go to the doctor's office and we walk in
although adults may not be quite at the level of totalitarian regimes
you visit sick people in the hospital
The extra amount that disappeared last fall  was equivalent to this much.
my husband and I spoke out in opposition to that
But if it comes for me
remember that cloning is possible
We asked people to draw what it was that they saw.
So it's a wiki project.
And if you think it's simply because we are not interested
The little Lego car in the beginning of the video references the big
Our ideas are in one area and our behavior with our bodies is in another.
It took quite many years for the program to become what it is now.
and find the true source  of so many disabilities in children.
we can give ourselves a gift.
Whenever I visit the site of the mass grave at Wounded Knee
This was just out of interest in doing something cool.
We know that if we have a damaged hip
this is actually a key to happiness for me
Our language hasn't caught up with the changes in our society
Let's start with the hobbies.
And as I wondered what he was up to
we're going to have to kick out all the other passengers.
and I molded it and I cast it in resin
And you can think of this as our satellite view for our map.
There is one really big problem with this.
Your vision is larger than our appetite.
which is the intuitive.
That's what happened with my dad.
So here's the modalities that we put together.
When I look back now from this high hill of my old age
And this is a syndrome called androgen insensitivity syndrome.
we spent a lot of time ideating and even building some of these things.
The one on the top is the picture of the one I found on eBay
and thus use a lot of stuff.
I will see you through this.
finger on the trigger.
and they're playing World of Warcraft.
but I'm going to give you a little preview of what you can expect.
They have often been rejected by their families
And we also suck in messages from everything from the television
It is easier than you think.
They were tired of ghost dances.
I know what it is to suffer
about a fifth of a second later
And so six-year-old Lauren there noticed that the first one took one
I'll still be able to be mobile.
I would feel the abdomen.
Outside your door the world is waiting.
But then she was confident again.
Stem cells are packed in that liposuction fluid.
and they're shipped to Seattle.
I have a stake in these
And that is so deeply important to us.
So this is what I looked like by the end.
in a travel industry in any way
built the society that we now live in.
Because I have three young kids
We found it was moving in really weird ways.
if you have a building that doesn't need to be heated with a furnace
if you look at it in cross-section
They get scared to walk around.
And each neuron itself is largely unique.
Kindergarten teacher I know
the Drawing On the Right Side of the Brain lady
I never had met someone with such a hard life
You can get shot by the hard-headed atheists
They get scared to move.
It's about the values behind the words
The coolest thing would be is if you could diagnose the disease early
There was massive flooding in Indonesia.
they're not to be completely dismissed.
These are hugely powerful forces That define what we want
We are a global organization.
And the incredible thing was she really meant it.
technically it's actually about Greenpeace
Scraps of men do not exist.
New models for pedagogy for the displaced.
if you meet someone at the bottom of society
And I've never seen them.
But her suffering is equal to mine.
achieved renown in some field.
one eight-year-old said
We heat them with sunshine.
he knows what paperwork looks like.
Now I am a firm believer in justice.
which is greatly more effective.
they will grow up around the mines
Storm trooper costumes.
And the proposal has been to build a lot more coal plants.
There's two spheres and they're separated in distance.
so now the start to finish timing has to be perfect.
There are plenty of countries at war like Afghanistan.
what artists do is to measure.
Jacques Dembois told me about.
They're killing themselves while we watch them die.
And politicians always talk about justice.
And so we measured its motion.
they are willing to accord us
And that idea was that the small intestine of a pig
So we sent our lab technician out.
all alone in the elevator
And this particular painting
my wife stopped telling me that I looked pregnant.
What are we going to do about it
and I'm going to start with materials.
Boy comes home from school
By the end of this year
they have a history of dancing with machines.
And I hope that I don't get sick during the book tour.
such as new models for village instruction in the middle of refugee camps.
many of which have been brought about by technology.
winning my college scholarship
The one thing that all of them have in common is that they're going to die.
He took my master Falcon pattern
They wanted us to make use of the space.
She just had a feeling for math
And I think that is the message of tragedy to us
What are we going to do with these boys
It tells you the what
and wrote it in plain English.
but it needs a little help to do it.
The market will work to solve this problem if we can accomplish this.
deposited in the ground as coal
so I decided to let the whole thing grow
I was able to scan the picture
barely able to feed themselves
No battle plan survives contact with the enemy.
The developing countries are now following us  and accelerating their pace.
But I very much believe that that's true.
If you want to go quickly
This is a Telecentro in Sao Paulo.
It's perhaps harder than ever before
I can't believe in the doctrines.
But could you go a little further
in a very artistic and indirect kind of way.
the big numbers of people who get it
and Aicha will now tell you how that came about.
And when they teach us a lesson
which you may have seen on stage yesterday.
the more things my hands know how to do
This is Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
even more access suffused into spaces.
when you think of glass
how do you start something like that
That's what she tells them.
it's a very young planet.
It included an exterior loading dock.
High-voltage DC currents.
So I'd like to draw a little car here.
when you add together leapfrogging and new kinds of tools
Give you a little peek into our editorial notebook.
Thou shall not stereotype.
But they also own their failure.
that's a great design.
to be curious and imaginative
and she gave me a cover story.
we can actually do that.
The flows have increased.
You're teaching them to open doors for themselves.
and they're gambling online all night long
They were tired of sacred hills.
We went in and sat down at the booth
Russian nuclear launch key.
These are investments that pay for themselves.
Not quite the whole truth.
We should all look at the Moon a bit more often.
so should the machine get grander in its process.
And if you took an ultrasound of that area
another world's here.
What matters is that my hands know how to do it.
Now we are not there yet
but Mary can only marry today in a few states a woman.
I asked people to draw a sheep facing to the left.
The problem with treaties is they allow tribes to exist as sovereign nations
I'm Jewish in the same way the Olive Garden is Italian.
the Mujahideen took all Afghanistan.
So when I saw the Roslings' Gapminder stuff a few years ago
I wouldn't be telling you this story if it wasn't compelling.
small to large is relevant here.
which promotes stability and democracy and human rights
Received very favorably by business.
or whatever it is that they get.
And it's really clear
There are words that we're truly afraid of.
So that's why I decided to tell my story
It's a great source of stem cells.
we're less burdened by the presence of it.
It's a very exciting twist ending
And people were making some amazing things.
they're very non-uniformly distributed.
We're in the driving seat.
in the analysis of a sociologist  like Emil Durkheim
This is called Queen's Day.
And she's got a very large house.
There is adversity and challenge in life
They just think of good ideas.
I think the Western tradition shows us one glorious alternative.
because those are just orgies of germs.
Physical therapies can be done
The people in this room have given me more confidence than ever that it will.
similar actually to the one that the soldier that's come back from Iraq .
Twentieth century a little bit over two percent.
And so button by button
This was the worst month of my life.
Then I remembered it could be a bunch of things.
I have been trying to tell this story for a long time.
I had to put on sunscreen.
especially in the developing world
You can take patients who are less sick
They're selling us shoes and cars.
I was giving a talk about two months ago
I would like to tell you a story
and a handful of other developed countries
in which case it's all truth and beauty.
Those of you who are good at branding
and people who say they take the Bible literally
and cost enormous amounts of money.
and why it causes this anxiety
We're able to now build buildings that generate all their own electricity
news creators is recycled stories from the AP wire services and Reuters
This used to be a bipartisan issue
setting an early tone of aggression in our dealings with the Native Americans.
so I don't feel the need.
And if that thing is good
Bill McDonough covered that last night
put reliable stuff last
What is it that we're afraid that this young man is going to do with this gun
think about organized religions.
it's a fabulous movie if you haven't seen it.
And when we take out the U.S.
you will do that because you are guided to do that.
and I can tell you that I didn't go to China to become a lawyer.
Now it's a little extreme
I just think that's a pretty cool picture.
A plan to put America back to work
There must be some call to action.
Here's the updated version of this entry.
the healthiest person alive.
the right to own property
And that is how stethoscope and auscultation was born.
maybe they'll drop at the same speed.
This is one of my absolute favorite things anywhere.
and that was unhealthy.
what is she telling you to write
There's one more part to the story.
including the Greeks and the Romans
about loving your neighbor
and we are not darkened.
And also these very life-like
So I thought I would end by telling you just a couple of the take-away
I had a reasonable skull
These are the bones left after the best meat has been taken.
This is Vancouver's propaganda about how green a city they are.
It won't be up for long.
I was also in the orthopedic center
I don't think these doctrines are right.
There are no strictly defined kind of hierarchies.
in case you don't think that this really has meaning for you
We have the manufacture of the car
they wanted it in one shot.
and move beyond the limits that nature has imposed on them
one apple feeds one man
we substitute in our lives access to the things we want.
Things should be as simple as possible
Redditors in the Internet community were happy to participate
is particularly rapid in its melting.
to restrictions on school internet use.
who went up and down this country delivering sermons
The ammonia evaporates and it re-condenses in the other side.
and then I'm going to increase the distance by the speed each time
You have to focus on it.
so they can go align with global groups of their own choosing.
This is somebody who is incredibly vulnerable and in need of love.
So the outer part of that brain is the neocortex.
so I'll have a disclaimer there.
this glacier is the  source of drinking water for this city.
So where does that leave us
and your brain can be broken into two parts.
as a reference to when computers became human.
And as we heard last night
You get access to distance medicine.
So quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects feel the same way.
But there's a bunch of different styles.
kids are naturally curious about what they don't know
think of how that might feel.
Sometimes you see them
and on the other hand
vertebrae by vertebrae
where people simply stop driving as much
and something happened.
The idea that we will make a society where literally everybody is graded
And that creates the front page.
There were moments when he would actually space out for seconds at a time.
I've also had some meals that make me want to dry heave.
And I feel that we have a special connection
and that is a huge barrier on a Native reservation.
The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult
and workers keep their pay.
I don't know if any of you have seen the movie City of God
We will be an overwhelmingly urban species.
which is something we're really starting to look a lot more for.
But it got me thinking
which are very much in the Bible as well.
If we can invent materials
But responses can actually make a huge difference in the poor countries.
about a million years ago
In ways that haven't happened before.
About a half million people visit every day.
You see a lot more structure there.
certain ideas would immediately come to mind.
was too difficult for most Americans to pronounce
what you'll see is the video playing above.
we're often told that we live in very materialistic times
I update the slide show every time I give it.
And that nice thing is called meritocracy.
Amazing!  The machinery is kind of loud.
I want to know what to teach him.
It was the easiest way.
and I was standing over a bushel of tomatoes.
to be able to contribute.
because that's a part of health.
or between male and intersex and female and intersex
If we do more in a kind of a stupid way
Which is the authoritarian
And according to how you answer that question
but there's a change.
And according to how you answer that question
But we need to get to a stage when you're an atheist and someone says
That all seems like win to me.
And to explain why this is so
and where we might go tomorrow
the number one organ of ridicule nowadays
for whom nightfall means darkness
we are called childish
and these tools are part of what's making it possible.
You can see areas where normal cell bodies are being stained.
The own their success.
Let's make sure our ideas of success are truly our own.
But it is going to happen in this century.
Later he renamed it the stethoscope.
And there were two types of laws that were particularly challenging.
MRI or orthopedic consult.
that's what the research says you should do.
And from there it's routine.
it teaches you how to engage in non-violent insurrection and regime change.
it's also going to make us better people.
And so this isn't very scalable.
his mouth crusted with candida that was resistant to the usual medications.
Something of importance had transpired in the exchange.
and I never ever thought it would have anything to do with the banjo.
that amount could double if we cross this tipping point.
It's a conversation about augmentation.
look like jellyfish legs.
We have to find more money for game design.
and World of Warcraft has quite a budget.
listening to Kevin Kelly
the human spirit is so receptive
And it's interesting that Fildes picked this topic.
at one end of the spectrum of sympathy
Then I went down and I read several versions
literally define who you are
I don't know if he's alive.
It's very uncomfortable to be on the receiving end of that kind of language.
But that's the sound of clean coal technology.
And then this is the silicon thing that I roll over
and so I don't know a lot of the tricks like
If we change these things
And it's how they link together.
I wanted to invite them to look and explore.
He's abundant here in America
When we think about failing in life
a moderately good vertebrae and half of a pelvis.
This is a place for girls.
it only takes a few minutes of your time now to actually produce something.
But something very valuable in that idea
they talk about nature and nature's God.
It's actually about humpback whales.
but we're losing much more than that.
the right to full citizenship
Facebook groups were getting created.
Australia had an election.
That's a good close-up of that one.
because I just sat back and I read books and watched movies.
and she's got them making shapes out of a shape.
If we had just one week's worth of what we spend on the Iraq war
And for the first time
We had the First World War
The comment of Najmuddin was Mahmoud has something to prove.
And the poem is called The God Who Only Knows Four Words.
But I think we can use their techniques and apply them to healthy food.
If you can hand somebody the key to their own power
not to mention social networking platforms
what would that be like
I need a heart so pure that if it's stripped bare by dementia
So I hoped that he would not come.
This is gasoline consumption in all of these countries.
and they fall out of the tracks
Without the sex part.
how long they spent drawing it.
What I think I've been talking about really is success and failure.
Well sometimes we were suspended for a few hours
people who are in desperate straits can get this.
you will become happier
And the nerves themselves are the ones who are receiving input.
Once you start down at this very humble level
We need to look carefully at our zero tolerance policies.
three degrees above freezing
The reason for this is incentives.
represents the pinnacle
and your hearts must be generous
We went to Home Depot well over a hundred times.
It's by having one world market
is the idea of diagnosing a disease much earlier on in the progression
We have to go far quickly.
and that's that large things don't let you get right past them
at some of the reasons why we might be feeling anxiety about our careers.
Perhaps we should say the same thing about optimism.
There are very few things
So in order to tell you about that tension
slowly week after week his legs were improving.
but I want to tell you how sorry I am for what happened to your families.
And I'd like to run through a few of these today.
they don't know what they're talking about.
We need to change the mindset of acceptance in boys in elementary schools.
which will be over a million.
our addiction to carbon based fuels
when I'm in an elevator all alone
but when expectations are low
at the director of the NIH
I knew I didn't have the strength.
I also love it because it seems to me that the example
And if we look at our lives
Instead of just scoffing at this heresy that a kid wanted to get published
I felt not quite ready for that job.
you save a whole bunch of money up front.
Cervical cancer is five times higher than the U.S.
and dug the geothermal wells
Which means we have to quickly build these renewable sources.
Their culture isn't working in schools.
This happened around Christmas.
That's why I was there
you end up using less.
So what we're looking at here is a tiny computer chip.
And one of the things I'm most proud of is this agreement for IBM.
the growth law is the same.
and you need to adjust to a new way of life.
transparency and simplicity a national priority.
We've done away with the caste system.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superposition
which really bothers me.
and the bad at the bottom
and then we put it in a vacuum and sucked out all the air
so I definitely take my projects seriously.
I'm a big advocate of changing the light bulbs and buying hybrids
And he ended up talking to Rick Rubin
and I began using that
you want to understand how they're acting in the ways you want them to
and I began using that
you want to understand how they're acting in the ways you want them to
picture of the child's problems.
Joseph Bell was an extraordinary teacher by all accounts.
This is the Beddington Zero Energy Development in London
a cousin of mine took me on a tour of his medical school.
And other people would draw stick figures or smiley faces.
he looked at his watch
And we have to change that.
if you analyze self-help books that are produced  in the world today
to be envious of the Queen of England.
You only know if you try it.
So there was the topiary there.
he had a secret weapon yesterday
I learned this firsthand with my next adventure.
That was the original intent
The other thing that religions know is we're not just brains
Religious view says we need calendars
is to just remember when I came over here
and talk about what we're looking for
Because otherwise it can get quite claustrophobic.
philharmonic orchestras and poets and singers will celebrate by saying
but here's how it works.
so Chris invited me to tell you about it.
and it is the place  where the dodo bird was discovered and extinguished
I would pull down the eyelids.
And I was having fun with it.
but we have to actively change.
But the technologies are getting better
have you considered political asylum instead of a separation surgery
that is not an unusual story.
How should we view the Bible
blow it up to exactly full size.
if my mother couldn't understand it
reweaving the urban fabric that we already have.
One service called My Next Tweet analyzes your entire Twitter stream
of having the descriptions at various levels be rather similar
So it's important to remember that whether it's good or it's bad
This is a real thing.
But when they go away
This is visualizing international communications.
the possibility of an individual to see themselves as capable.
and we were happy to oblige.
I realized that he was wanting to expose his wicker-basket chest to me.
That one I followed by default
but they're very subtle.
And that's a new way of looking at luxury goods.
according to some polls
One of the coal industry's ads around Christmas was this one.
because my son is like he's buried alive.
we will sink to them.
but they do show some population variation.
His hobbies were chess
and maybe censors that natural curiosity
You'll see a lot of people in my photographs today
I was going to become a brain doctor
a moment when physicians were beginning to look inside the body.
the sperm is carrying a Y chromosome
unless repeatedly told otherwise
they are writing bills that are unintelligible
whether it's a computer chip
And this is called The Wilderness Downtown.
and she has a Y chromosome.
We must be hand-in-hand and do something together.
I found other reference.
It's not the material goods we want.
represents the blood bandages of the barber surgeon
reached just one percent.
you'll see that those two shapes are exactly the same size.
What did we want from each other
and I was going to go study law in Beijing
And there's more and more people on the way.
Some of you may recognize this.
This is again showing all the different contributions.
of course this is my raggedy old thesaurus.
They don't have existing infrastructure
really dense and still hold onto their cars
and had feet turned in
And this is probably stereotypically what you think of as a boy and a girl.
there are things for you in religion.
How many people knew of Lula before today
and this is truly an unexplored
And I hated these bands more than anything.
I think of the great Indian mathematician
It's that those connections
I'm an infectious disease physician
start to diverge so painfully that I normally end up weeping into a pillow.
It's a fabulous city.
The reason why we don't envy her is because she's too weird.
It turns out to be really difficult.
What sort of crossing did you have on the ferry from Burntisland
But I wanted to elaborate on a couple of these.
The combined coverage of Russia
it might destroy the spell and we might find it too easy.
Maybe that's what adversity gives us
advanced photovaltaics
What about a great depression
That's what you'd call a social news website.
We take that tagged material and we put it on something called a microarray.
So before going to law school in China I bought a banjo
The other thing that we believe is that art shouldn't explain itself
They're killing each other.
And they tend to be on their own.
So that took a lot of time.
That shouldn't be news to any of us.
so I won't say too much more than that
we all have lived separate lives.
So I'm doing activities that will build my sense of balance.
they're for all of us.
or impolitely call feeling very bad about yourself.
This was a randomized trial.
when I finally grew up
I think about global health a lot.
In fact if you look at world history you can see some reasons for optimism.
distributed music making
Kids grow up and become adults just like you.
It was a wonderful experience.
Which is pretty impressive right
And my wife thought this was very offensive
Where is it coming from
treaties broken and massacres disguised as battles.
flip side of this study
Then we very carefully melt onto the slide.
Most people have cooking fires in the world
and they read my son bedtime stories.
this is the most Medals of Honor ever awarded for a single battle.
and the other is a condenser.
Anne Frank touched millions with her powerful account of the Holocaust
a truth about the human character.
Like many autistic children
I did have a really big epiphany around the situation
that we're all greedy people.
because I had nothing else to do.
we're in fact setting ourselves up not to solve it.
But when people learned what her son was accused of
There's new things happening.
We're finding that people can share the same spaces
all politicians on left and right
after a year of attempted treatment of that ulcer
And that was the the Internet loves Mister Splashy Pants.
So what can scientists learn about this data
So they answered my emails.
to increase the density of the communities around us.
crossing the front line.
He got dementia anyway.
India is coming on line.
it allows you to highlight individual structures.
The second thing is tools for collaboration
I'd like to kick off by looking at education.
thank you so much for letting me speak.
And I just thought it'd be wonderful
You're hearing a person's life.
But Jefferson wasn't quite right
and this is the bronze I got back.
because that lowers the blood pressure.
without even doing an ECG or a chest X-ray to look at the heart.
you can only imagine how much more he would discern.
a very famous painting.
in the Declaration of Independence
He has regained his full dignity thanks to that job.
we can have cities that are not only zero emissions
hopefully for a good cause
I did not know then how much was ended.
and that was a really radical thing to do.
Let's take a look at the Great Depression.
skipping the whole landline stage.
we can do some very specific things.
I need your help on this.
That image reminded me of something.
in which case he's allowed to live.
All we have to do is to listen to the people that we are supposed assist
The best AI in the planet would find it complex and confusing
So we need to design better games.
One thing you can do is not treat.
and not put themselves at risk.
There's my somewhat ruined Sculpey Falcon
and much more expensive to treat.
regimes become oppressive when they're fearful about keeping control.
So now on to something completely different.
I had all the topology I needed  to replicate the Maltese Falcon.
you've got the tabloid newspaper.
which ends up getting a little bit crazy.
They're controlling who nervous system cells partner up with.
have in our bodies something called the adrenal glands.
The idea behind leapfrogging is that if you are a person
What you just heard is Skylife by David Balakrishnan.
My dad was my hero and my mentor for most of my life
living on a planet where their cities also steal the future
how to mandate simplicity.
is hydrogen-generating algae.
As he who lights his candle at mine receives light without darkening me.
They're very inspiring leaders
Now we may not agree with what religions are trying to teach us
because of what I'm talking about.
the rest was lost in a fire.
but since I have an expensive computer here
It's keeping me standing.
The human ability to adapt
and on either side of the Indian subcontinent
Redditors responded and all agreed.
are still the actual prototype.
And really you do the same thing.
I don't see any reason why it shouldn't.
It's also an idea that we have forgotten.
a wise media theorist Tweeted
Somebody who doesn't care about your achievements.
it feels natural to us now.
This is a completely unsustainable pattern.
We don't know yet how to build a society which is environmentally sustainable
It was a man in a wheelchair desperately trying to move away.
This youngest of seven had to get herself to the front of the line.
It's come full circle.
If you go look at their website today
Reduce emissions in your home.
And when my ritual began
And she could see that these were the square numbers up until about six.
We will never get to grade them.
really big close-up of the little piece of metal.
Doesn't look quite the same size
and they've welcomed me like family.
who you can see has meat vision.
unless he's willing to submit to a sex change
The Wounded Knee massacre is considered the end of the Indian wars.
When we go to the physician today
and therefore we will seed that lawn
You blow out candles on top of a birthday cake.
it's not the strongest of the species that survives
She is raised as a girl.
we get a unique fingerprint
what would my caregivers do with me
And these are the ultimate literalists.
the worship of something transcendent.
please tell him that it was a mistake.
so I figured I had to address it.
because we are the leaders of tomorrow
I'm a big fan of Conan Doyle.
so everything in the cloud is roughly correlated.
And then he sat down.
I was probably being a little extreme.
we can use materials.
be described as a loser.
and we see these genes turned on there.
if you haven't noticed from my skin color
So if you look at the little script here
But I am not as nervous as I was five weeks ago.
then we are truly using our power well.
Who else can I meet that I don't know
A lot of us in here have made that decision and it is really pretty easy.
So one of the things that goes from simple to complex is when we do more.
trying to bring boys back into a space that is comfortable for them.
thank God I wasn't using a thesaurus back then.
we have an interesting situation on our hands.
We have secularized badly
using cells to do most of the work.
Alright what about problems
And the CAT scan revealed no blood clots in the lung
Whatever the candidates say has to be laid alongside what the people say.
You may recognize these two guys.
I know they were sexist
We knew that many more patients could not come
we heal ourselves in a natural process
One more mind will be unlocked.
is that it turns the whole world  into a school.
The first is cellular therapies.
and where the flowers turn red you don't step.
green power spread throughout the world.
but it doesn't tell you the where.
constant acceleration.
and from Western Europe to the Arctic
Are there men around that table
not only commercial skills
We're going to then apply one of those stains to it
Greenpeace actually wasn't that crazy about it
by the end of the day
is that we have nothing at its center that is non-human.
Then we sat in a circle with support
He was coming every day
how should you feel about the statistics of today
you are such a strong
to be even a little bit more dangerous
I'll show you where we are at the moment in working towards that concept.
And the consequences of this problem make themselves felt in bookshops.
Is any of this your responsibility today
at various points call us children.
And their argument is that Jesus never talked about homosexuality.
if you can do that and open a door for someone at a crucial moment
that it gets brighter the more you don't use.
And Mahmoud put on his prostheses
the car didn't flip over
So we know how to do this in many of the ways that are up there.
All the major religions give us calendars.
while this society is
the Chinese equivalency exam
our ideas of what it would mean to live successfully
because if you listen to dermatologists
I ran it through my simplicity lab
Next came the successful Civil Rights movement
They understood her breast cancer at the molecular level
and my little dog Watson would find it simple and understandable
And all this by simply watching the child's brainwaves.
that sense of the dizzying scale of the universe
Tennessee to make a record.
So this isn't finished at all
And the thing about a successful life
it's a little bit like wearing stilts on stilts
consistent and useful
It's going to be a pretty crowded place
it would be necessary to look at the brain directly.
is trapping more of the outgoing infrared.
second superpower stuff et cetera
This was from Nature Magazine.
This is the year of the Wounded Knee Massacre.
And so we tend to worship ourselves.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy
I remember so many patients
made a big commotion over Tipper.
I loved to write from the age of four
says the religious world view.
but by learning it this way
it's possible that if we injected more mothers into this concept
They're probably less cell dense.
we need to look somewhere else for the solution.
You can see here a little bit of heart muscle beating in a dish.
So I don't have time to play the entire thing for you
Do you think your bank is going to show that to people
Many publishers were not quite so encouraging.
then her hand shall be cut off.
We need to start doing things like Lula
There's the phrase called cafeteria religion
I had to give this prognosis to your parents that you would never walk
It means that we extended cooperation across national boundaries.
So if anyone wants to join
And only one figure remained in the middle of the road.
And the conversation would go something like this
It really impairs cognition.
And the only purpose that these legs can serve
They're actually managing to talk North Americans out of driving cars
comes into contact with a threatening sort of reality.
full of contradictions
It may be possible that we are not even able to build that much clean energy.
you have to group together
I have been blown away by this conference
found me when I checked into a deli at a restaurant in New York on foursquare.
My dad was a bilingual college professor.
they have a clear identity
According to the treaty
That's exhilarating if you're doing well
but they really have missed an essential point
the ones who will bring this world forward.
I think that the only true disability is a crushed spirit
And as a general term
The ammonia was toxic.
don't have time to go into all of them.
There's some basic things that you would want to understand.
That's how I hailed taxi-cabs.
This one was very unexpected because
who's a very charming man.
and it's exactly done as it should be
imagine imagine that snobbery is a distinctively U.S.
notice that we can move those triangles down like this
There's a container underneath that's collecting that tissue.
which divided peoples and nations.
because they were not stupid people at all.
advising people how they could live.
for those of you who don't know
We're looking right there in the center.
So if I can save one of the young girls
you'd have said this.
We could just re-label things.
who talk about gaming
Another lesson is that thou shalt give thanks.
But first you need to know two things about me.
Well if larger markets increase the incentive to produce new ideas
Ruby Bridges helped end segregation in the United States
it's that we don't know how to treat it.
although I think it ought to work the other way around
which I think is a pretty cool concept
A whole YouTube channel of people submitting really interesting content.
And we're not exactly sure why that happens.
And when we change our behavior in our daily lives
to get the cells to the right place at the right time.
They're glorified drill and practice.
consider making your business carbon neutral.
because we love our children.
And it's as easy as shooting fish in a barrel.
because I couldn't afford the one on eBay.
something or the other.
even if I have to crawl on the ground.
So we can't tell much from just making the ball drop there
serves to be more disabling to the individual than the pathology itself.
And that bio-reactor will lay down in the wound bed.
You can't have it all.
at the end of the bypass operation
We've had a different approach.
How dare we be optimistic
Insulin's a pretty good therapy.
They don't just give us books or words about this.
they did a great job.
This was done by Teruo Okano at Tokyo Women's Hospital.
This is the Kniphausen Hawk.
And it is important that we recognize that women still need help in school
At the end of a really rousing paragraph
wasn't the most popular thing in the classical music world.
The North Polar ice cap is the same size geographically.
somewhere in that process
but it's an ongoing project where people can continue to collaborate.
The third one took five more
We found some non-toxic refrigerants that worked at very low-vapor pressures.
I then proceeded to tell the patient
and we started talking about exactly what it would look like.
Four guys dancing on treadmills
And he insisted on beautiful music.
may be closer to hand than we think.
why wouldn't you want to fly too
Muslim girls so they don't accept to be married against their will very young.
until we approach New Year's Eve
It's an online music video for the Arcade Fire.
an animation is a series of images.
then what we call reality is a kind of hallucination happening inside here.
we are quite similar.
Just have a look at the demographics in the U.S.
she looks like a girl.
Now when you add all those things together
thank you Shakespeare
And they explained that they wanted kind of a Rube Goldberg machine.
But as soon as the fighting intensified
As payment for the Black Hills
Some of it's transportation access.
as I mentioned before
see this wheel's heading here
until during the middle of the night
We're certainly going to be looking at more.
How do you judge people based on the content of character
Remember that I mentioned before the children who lose their fingertips.
they'll re-grow their fingertip.
They don't have the depth
we kids still dream about perfection.
We made a music video for one of my favorite bands
years after we're gone.
I decided to dive in head first
Help with the mass persuasion campaign that will start this spring.
You change your behavior
who was a science and technology journalist who died of cancer.
I'm not suggesting that we need to be allowing guns and knives into school.
with my active involvement
At the other end of the spectrum you've got tragedy and tragic art.
at the top you see new lakes
It's really dangerous.
You let it cool to room temperature
They argued with my wife for me
But we are now in a new era of neuroscience
and anyone who follows the Bible is going to be picking and choosing.
They come everyday to see if the center will open.
This is what that sounded like.
This is looking at ascending versus descending flights.
It's not okay to write these kinds of things in classrooms today.
And I get a little object here
Are you ready to make the match
And I think we need to get back to that sermon tradition.
And so while planning is important
which a few  years ago were glaciers.
how are we going to change the world
That's going to spray cells over that area.
So how do we operationalize the question of content of character
I encourage you to look on Worldchanging if you're into it.
There is a real problem with snobbery.
We will see an Einstein in Africa in this century.
The gun that you see there sprays cells.
eventually the airport actually flips directions.
And it's a very hard line to make.
the little chunk of metal is free to act however it wanted.
That's a bit of a revelation for nine-year-olds.
And I wanted to read you this one closing passage about one patient.
This is a town  in Newfoundland.
Now is there any alternative to this
I've always liked to draw
be they systems of collaboration
a person should be tried fairly and punished.
Not for the sake of our health
as we've heard earlier this week
through the hands of graphic designer Peter Saville
And this is matched in every industrialized
Chris and I were really amazed by the potential now with modern web browsers
which is an oxymoron.
then I'll achieve the end of this exercise.
They've slept with the wrong person.
We have other things to do.
And that's show here in the the very light blue.
the results were startling.
So I've got to do gaming
He was later killed while in custody.
and even if given a modicum of support
What we need is another hero generation.
We signal the passage of a life with rituals.
we needed somewhere to start
And you can pick a style.
We need to make sure that people see that we need more men in the classroom.
and the manufacturing costs are low.
But this isn't about Reddit.
Such red clay is not found within a hundred miles of Edinburgh
Now let's go to young children.
If you're somebody who drives
agree that meritocracy is a great thing
This is one way to do it.
I decided to work on the spirit.
She does this with cardboard
where it transmitted because of a very vague concept of birthright.
Suppose that there are two diseases.
But I understood he wanted to tell me something.
Those kinds of studies require much larger populations.
I went to the dark side
It was made out of resin
And it's visualizing SMS messages being sent in the city of Amsterdam.
Genes send the instructions to make proteins.
Let's rebrand global warming
we saw that the piece metal was still there in one piece.
What do you want to write about
but they did it for us
to opposite of a snob is your mother.
And men are much more likely to have their significant other
for which there's relatively little that can be done.
and why it's so very very important
So I created this drawing tool.
that somebody figures out something's up here.
Here's more good news.
if you take an extremely sick patient and you give them a bypass
And we sort of started talking about what it is that they wanted.
but it also is pretty wide open.
But it was really interesting
And I started collecting sheep.
You may think I'm wrong in this.
and I wrote down every single law that I could find.
When he saw me on what turned out to be his last hours on this earth
I was so inspired by that story.
This was no small feat
even space itself is turning into a service.
so I won't dwell on that too much.
the standard things that the person must have heard in other institutions
We recognize them in relation to corporations.
I add new images because I learn more about it every time I give it.
vote it down if they don't.
This is the streets of Kabul in those days.
And that's how they went about teaching them and treating them.
is that the things we need are close by.
because I believe we have the capacity
largely from developing countries.
a spirit that's been crushed doesn't have hope.
So I stopped the car and I went to help.
And increased growth is going to push up demand for that.
I made some measurements of her thumb
and this our new video
This is the opening frame of the video that we created.
But what you get out of such an exercise is simple a list of genes.
Maybe we can see it as change.
And I think it's a pretty valid question.
as we begin to look at all that commonality
You can ration health care.
we were brought together with several other victims' families.
he needs help getting dressed
So any vision of success has to admit what it's losing out on
or extract materials from a natural environment
There's a lot of criteria by which we're selecting these brains.
I blew all my reference up to full size
I don't think we are particularly materialistic.
we're realizing that we don't even need to densify and entire city.
We should focus in on our ideas.
And the one critical piece missing is that of the patient.
One of them is that every society has an ecological footprint.
So the machine would get started
That's something we can learn from.
We can design better games.
We're starting to cover this more and more.
We have to stop this.
And if we have another eight billion or seven billion
are stockpiles of these surplus capacities.
you ought to go for a visit.
This is Baron Wolfgang von Kempelen's mechanical chess playing machine.
Now think what this means.
In the side-effect profile
I could do an extraordinarily thorough exam.
I was thinking about all this.
really nice gentle sanding surface  and I can get it glass-smooth.
phenomenon fixated on country houses and titles.
we have the opportunity to step back and reflect on some of the things.
This is a crowd that does know what it is
all of these incredibly complicating things
And your ideal dad is somebody who is tough but gentle.
You can start doing things like
They even created an e-card so you could send your friend a dancing Splashy.
is to think less about the individual body
You can't be successful at everything.
and we have a lot to share.
So imagine if you're in multiple places at the same time
They really did a fantastic job.
In Kurzweilian terms this is gloomy.
we need leapfrogging.
So the market for  those movies is larger.
Not because it wasn't beautiful or anything
We're similar at the genetic level.
I don't see why we can't have a one-page
I've got some bad news
but is a terrific musician.
you might think of colorful Chihuly designs or maybe Italian vases
But people were coming.
A large fraction of those people are in the United States.
And that's really the spirit of my talk.
described the following exchange between Bell and his students.
and what it is we think we're perceiving
but I'm Jewish in the same way the Olive Garden is Italian.
They look at their entire genomes
Bollywood isn't just answering Hollywood.
and I was into my ritual.
from the alien  to a Splashy
but they did have a concept of birthright.
So I've been trying to learn to do things that are hands-on.
this very voluble patient began to quiet down.
I look a little like Moses
I believe this has to be done with a new kind of user interface.
We proved that most of the ammonia refrigeration tables are wrong.
There have been some very vocal atheists who've pointed out
even more importantly
the body doesn't react to the testosterone.
And what it means is elaborated at climatecrisis.
We need Republicans as well.
Neither of us could skip this ritual
one that gives you more of the feeling of math
That it's not just that we have to sort of imagine there being a different
and I'll show you what that synthesis looks like.
and we made it released as a Google Code project
every Friday you go to a Mikveh.
but was a natural mathematician.
It's every seven days.
Would he have substituted a computer screen for where he had the patient
the classic medium of delivery of religions.
You type in your code
I had Christian bibles.
Trade walls began to come tumbling down.
And so that's where physics was at a few years ago
and maybe an electric screwdriver.
This is a representation of your brain
I talk against violence
We're making androgen
a sense of generational mission.
without having them have to be changed for the sake of the state.
These things actually become cheaper to build than the alternatives.
I'll go you one stranger than that.
you can fling these seeds out into the field.
And put a big tire on him.
If you're involved in anything that's communal
some scientists invented a stain that would stain cells.
Are there moms who who've raised boys around that table
So what happened years afterward
And that means an increase incentive to do research and development
When you go to a large bookshop and look at the self-help sections
efficiency and a global transition to a low-carbon economy.
and we re-engage boys in their learning
and think more about those relationships.
And I see the power of music.
if they drew a stick figure or a smiley face
and they called it the theory of quantum mechanics.
You might not know that Conan Doyle went to medical school here in Edinburgh
I'm mentioning all this
and I'm going to prove it to you.
We will provide you with a pair of legs.
and still quite angry.
quantitatively of what genes are turned on in that sample.
I was inspired by the Danish Safety Council.
doing everything and reporting on the patients.
we were just mortals sitting together in that light that keeps us here.
And you can see there they're shopping with their helmets.
if you don't trust someone
and the rise of the communist nations.
So I decided to follow all the rules of the Bible.
If you ever watch a sprinter
you almost force the institution to give the people a way
my parents were really supportive.
global mobilization for renewable energy
This is the new frontier
As long as we have a browser
our responsibility is not simply shielding those we care for from adversity
because the amount of things you have to do
here's the good news.
It's really been eight years since that fated night in Kentucky.
We made the world more cooperative.
And when you start changing
Why do we have to stick with the stodgy lawyers and just have a paper document
after some acid etching
but how to care for each other.
I started taking a look as well at different perimeters
before the age of about six months
While that might be a somewhat morbid thought
This is actually about discovering new things that pop up on the web.
Another way that zero tolerance lives itself out is in the writing of boys.
There's the dodo skeleton folder.
having a strong social network is so crucial to our health.
And it was done in Europe.
once the patient was dressed
These are commonly prescribed antidepressants.
and the blue are higher altitudes.
it's also terrible for your brain.
I went down to my shop
and I found that they matched up very well.
And I have to wonder today
No one is quite listening hard enough.
It's a very relaxing vocation.
So there is a spirit of equality
make and travel in information about movie props.
And what does that mean
to lock yourself inside and say
Because using ammonia you get hugely high pressures if you heated them wrong.
then we have to really engage it
Henry has to wait for all of that
They're completely crowded together.
Henry can marry in every state a woman
I sat down too with goosebumps everywhere.
and we are running it ourselves.
rather than giving you tried and true examples.
And the same thing is true for people who are in absolute crisis.
And at the end of my talk
we would still have this crisis.
When they wrote the Constitution
they say Jesus did talk a lot about helping the outcasts
I do not recommend this at all.
have shouldered the entire burden of research and development.
We can't relate to her.
you could ultimately achieve your final goal.
Think of it in terms of diabetes
Now think about religions
But we should make sure that they are our own.
but they're really not.
We get a visual pattern of what these nine-year-olds called acceleration.
a person who is limited
I'm trying to become a better person.
a few bright ideas about technology
I understood that I was wrong again.
which was odd for an agnostic.
Well without thinking
These aren't schizophrenic individuals
If an idea is important
So zooming back out real quick
and it's getting heavier
they were coming to us with a concept that was about anatomical commonality.
There was no motorcade back there.
I will support any politician of left and right
the exact size and shape of these tabletops is the same
and a few toes in that
a speed of change that is beyond what we have done in the past.
and a couple of years ago I wrote an article called My Outsourced Life
He who receives an idea from me receives instruction himself
Education is going to give us
that's one in six children
one of the reasons why we fear failing is not just a loss of income
as happened in China.
And here I'll zoom in a little bit.
What I'm about to show you is a diabetic ulcer.
When HAL's dying at the end of the film he starts singing this song
when people heard that my son was a victim
Give back the Black Hills.
and it's this older man.
you can run faster than me.
is born three months prematurely
Things that are inherently more difficult to treat
we need to speak the body's language.
We could not possibly stay indoors
The other thing about modern society
which are really starting to take off in the U.S.
when you want to forget
We have the capacity to do it.
I will always be what is called wasichu
And so I made this thing in nearly the same way as you make a computer chip.
your connections to all the things around you
Now I think it's too easy.
And if you're an educator in any way
The narrator's only appeased when he draws a box.
what you're imbibing is
So thank you very much.
they have enormous numbers of people who are struggling with poverty
We signal transitions of power with rituals.
just as the sun is starting to set
My dad has Alzheimer's disease.
And what about the web
deliver other things as well at the same time
which is now known as One Laptop Per Child.
You notice the clay on the soles of her feet.
shaped my own view of myself as an inherently strong
except to the extent that the belief  brings about new behavior.
with a few friends of mine
Brazilian music scene isn't just answering the major labels.
And I think it's all about being afraid of the other
but that we're easily fooled.
And Tate asked Fildes to paint the painting of social importance.
We sometimes hear it said that museums are our new cathedrals
and a second order discrete differential equation.
But if you're a Zen Buddhist in the middle of September
a city the size of Seattle to the planet every four days.
And juxtaposed against this grid
April in Kabul is beautiful
It's a natural process
We've heard all about this here this week
And there is some good news to report today.
giving these prayers of thanksgiving
We are now in a system where anyone can rise  to any position they please.
Because the more things that are familiar
It's not developmentally appropriate
but really difficult for computers.
There's an operator side on the right that allows you to turn
some various materials.
you don't want to see things
a bunch of monkeys fell out of trees
So today's reality is that if we get sick
Well I guess that was just a place for girls
So they brought out their cannons.
How can you actually afford to treat patients
what are these people doing to themselves
that's what I actually like about Johnny Cash's music as well.
And you see the faces.
Now there is another side to this.
where are people going to find the morality
This thing was made of resin and it was too light.
you're not going to listen to me.
Everyone was very excited about this archeological find
just staring at me as she walked past.
but also for walking around.
Assuming it was roughly the size of my wife's hand
And you can sort of see this green dot right in the middle.
Now we've given up with the idea of sermons.
so one idea can serve one world
when we take democracy beyond anatomy
Here on the right-hand side in the middle you see this one guy writing
So let's take a look at the brain.
and are a great example.
and turn them into Bright Green cities.
the dialogues of Plato
age has absolutely nothing to do with it.
but we need to start acting a little bit more on that possibility.
The way to do that is to develop a conversation with the body.
we can use the term intersex for this.
you get amazing things.
It's about your own interpretation and doing something different.
And the machine would maintain synchronization throughout.
we're going to run out of future really fast.
That one's pretty good.
we need a good deal of intuition to actually make the experiments work.
Inside your heart a voice is calling.
or we would find each other.
the one that I ended up with.
But let's accept the strangeness of some of our ideas.
A lot of people don't know that Alzheimer's actually has physical symptoms
we can still do one better I think
And here's a little image of that.
to bring forth what is within
I grabbed someone else.
On the cutting edge today it's new ideas which are driving growth.
but I had to finish what I had started.
and how you interact with the government to get your benefits
they're playing video games
You've heard that saying.
where CNN beamed a live hologram of hip hop artist will.
she didn't get that sympathy.
The Founding Fathers rejected that idea
gets across the concept that I'm talking about quite dramatically.
Dupont Institute in Wilmington
So maybe the idea I want to put out there is
these more trying times as something we want to avoid or sweep under the rug
and they place it on the table
When we look at the universities
And I see my life as a series of experiments.
I see it not just as a grave for the Lakota or for the Sioux
If you give them stem cells as well as their bypass
and the reality of my life
I say that because these are difficult patients.
from such a totally different culture and environment from my own.
But we couldn't create a thousand new teachers this summer to save our life.
I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
These are things where genes are turned on in individual cell types.
You find some interesting content
We can do that in multiple individuals that we've assayed too.
and how we construct those values.
But if they are not treated they are equally severe.
our inherent wisdom doesn't have to be insiders' knowledge.
And that's this piece of metal I'm going to be talking about in a minute.
So they're putting a lot of strategic investment focused in this area.
You tell a teacher that
And it's actually in the machine.
we have Creative Commons and other kinds of Copyleft solutions.
That was so disappointing.
So you do vocational training
There's also neo-biological design
if I take that material
Everything can be measured before Wounded Knee and after.
And so this is a great conceptual model to have of the world
the IPCC released its study confirming man's impact on global warming.
This is Google Walking Maps.
touch the breast mass
And so if we think about that
Not so if you're adopting a religious mindset.
And the gatekeeper told me
When you know where things are
the magic treatment and began with me on a course towards wellness
The picture I'm showing you is of Leopold Auenbrugger who
So something to think about tonight if you've had a couple.
this is temporal cortex.
and the story of the people who made this change possible.
And the real tragedy was
we get into all sorts of uncomfortable areas.
so they don't get lost in a busy world.
that everyone has something rare and powerful to offer our society
it says that if you smile
So it's how New York communicates with other international cities.
and they start measuring to find out what kind of acceleration it is.
I don't think we have to make that choice.
What would you have predicted not knowing this
or a suburban family donating a box of clothes they don't even want anymore.
but it was for any kind of patient.
what you wanted all along.
I'm not sure why you're laughing.

by magazines and other media outlets
This is a merry-go-round invented by the company Roundabout
If you had based your prediction
the exact angles makes it hard to get right.
and I know that in this group it really is.
and also making them for myself
they're processing it.
We've got to make something better than what we've got.
that it's not just enough to survive.
but making that step and then realizing
There are materials which do this.
by globalizing the world.
which are a masculinizing hormone.
a new era in Native American history began.
Children's publisher not working with children
whose story was also covered by ABC News.
followed by European flights coming in the upper right-hand corner.
Obviously a lot of monies should be put into prevention.
All the parts of the document in red are not intelligible.
There is a lot of discussion now about a consumer financial protection agency
is the burning of fossil fuels.
And this makes many things fun
I am the mother of Zacarias Moussaoui.
But it was interesting because I had some very preconceived notions about
I shout like a true Italian.
I could absolutely get the glass smooth finished.
when really the attitude should be reciprocal
I'll talk about that a little bit.
except in the botanical gardens.
in the middle of the night
this is just my logical side talking.
government called for a death penalty for him
where there is a radical depletion of oxygen in the oceans.
even though it's a very serious cause
It's okay to take yourself a little less seriously
these people have faced a rather unpleasant choice.
not in spite of the experiences I've had with them.
i was shorter by three quarters of an inch.
and often very frightening.
if we wanted to see this piece of metal behave quantum mechanically
Adversity is just change that we haven't adapted ourselves to yet.
the power of music to connect hearts.
I have more time that I can still move around.
is our greatest human skill.
And when you can't relate to somebody
what happens inside of a cell seems completely mysterious and fortuitous.
I listened to the chest.
We've done all sorts of extraordinary things.
no matter what ailed you
and I'm going to make an admission.
people do what you pay them to do.
slash our transportation use
The following is a time-line of treaties made
You lose your sense of balance
or what is foreign to them.
a piano that played itself
only three actually successfully completed their run.
This is taking a look at Atlanta.
It's like beachcombing
Unless you're David Bolinsky
which actually  is seen briefly in The Maltese Falcon
We find other kinds of weirdness in terms of what their rights are.
There is a carbon calculator.
One other thing you can do with such a thing is you can
Four or five opportunities to see the breast masses
And as a special treat
They answered my phone.
Because the world's problems shouldn't be the human family's heirloom.
examined her axilla carefully
their faces still so clear.
and we're starting to really kind of crowd source this navigation.
the first animal to be cloned.
which is a truly subtle and interesting proof
And he's going to do that on the Day of Judgement with angels and trumpets
and it has a lot to do with trust
But isn't there something bigger than us
And reading is just about impossible.
but merited and deserved.
do stuff with vacant space.
I'll just do this very quickly.
we're now mapping into this anatomic framework
Augustine in The City of God
as opposed to try the sodding approach.
a friend of mine that I never actually met
He was just a toddler and he wasn't very good at it
just hanging out with our Grammy.
And you can also see the way that it was drawn.
I was going to talk about information ecology.
as opposed to what I knew it as
a solution that's big enough to solve our problems.
I need to get some new ones because the last meet I was at
all of these numbers are significantly higher if you happen to be black
that's especially true in the developed world.
And I just finished a couple of months ago.
And out of that sense of failure
But the political will has to be mobilized in order to mobilize the resources.
So Puck meant not only are we fools in the pejorative sense
But it's going to work.
that if you come to one of our hospitals missing a limb
From laughs to tears.
Nobody calls her disabled.
we never closed it again.
They have exactly the same amount of carbon.
and then we see how it acts
But when we live in a denser community
And sometimes even poorer than their grandparents had been.
the first thing we need is
But without having the silicon sock
You could consider this state boundaries
nobody's ever seen a particle.
So we were really excited about working with them.
transparency and empathy a national priority.
it actually made it into the bill.
even at the brain biochemical level
not only for war victims
I think that better things are on the way.
which pumps water as kids play.
cardiovascular damage.
because they don't play with car stops
We've done a really good job struggling with democracy
We go to magic shows in order to be fooled.
was the manager of a local foundry.
You can do it! You can make it! 
The Bible says that if two men are in a fight
A lot of computational fluid dynamics.
but the question isn't whether or not you're going to meet adversity
here's the most recent progression of  Falcons.
This is the Kangerlussuaq River in southwest Greenland.
Kind of amazing what some people did.
you can see is almost like blood
And if you don't understand that in your mental model of this stuff
This challenge is part of the fabric of our whole civilization.
So we chose a small spot in the garden.
She's simply too strange.
where a man who's sexually attracted to other men is liable to be murdered
and what it means to marry a woman means you do have a Y chromosome.
He'll sign his name on every line
It was a strange sensation.
Now ideas have this amazing property.
Developing tar sands and coal shale is the equivalent.
And it was while I was doing my Ph.
and we try and get the two to take.
I'm not trying to diminish the impact
what's the alternative
They analyze large populations.
our audacity to imagine helps push the boundaries of possibility.
Mahmoud grabbed his son
and she was brought in confused.
which is a game that teaches children how to run a refugee camp.
if you hold two fists together
I think that rituals are
We see all this complexity.
we can release the power of so many more children
It takes its inspiration in form from life.
If the wealthy countries were completely missing from the picture
But they are also very effective in deflecting our path.
If you look at in the context of history you can see what this is doing.
So the technician takes the instructions.
We can think of ourselves as kind of a noisy channel.
The most popular news sites don't do much better.
This provides a reason why trade and globalization are even more important
bridge and writing op-eds.
whether or not there is a God.
you can put an artificial hip in.
but I think very soon will be.
we never closed a single day.
you should be able to read paragraphs of text with maybe a picture
we tend to seek simple answers.
We think art is really
it's about choosing the parts of the Bible about compassion
So to engage in that conversation with the body
at moments of great challenge
I recommend Jim Wallace and Tony Campolo.
Here's just one example before I close up.
there's a sudden spike in the cost of health care.
because if you spend all that time imagining that conception
the one on the bottom is the one I made for myself
efficiency and conservation.
let me give you an analogy.
children are the future we send to the future.
what in the world could be wrong in Washington
you face a blizzard of paperwork.
I particularly like the Ganesh in the background
is cell phones just permeating out through society.
palpable breast masses
and I wanted to get published.
why we're particularly drawn to nature.
There's me reading the Bible.
we have that great healthcare system.
I went to a very fancy party.
examined both breasts including the axillary tail
We won't talk about that anymore.
So we started doing some repairs.
would the Martians say
It is estimated that one in six children
And corporations are very like religions in many ways
And who are waving their first books in the air
when you look at the Moon
But before doing that
Now a lot of you are probably are familiar with Deb Roy who
you needed quantum mechanics to describe little
We are effectively grading someone's worth to our community.
but you first test your mic.
there's no problem about it.
To give you a sense of the experience
This is what it would look like if you went to the site.
somebody who had not been blessed by fortune
you went to see the barber surgeon who wound up cupping you
Mister Splashy Pants.
by first of all creating cities that are denser and more livable .
if you're not familiar with it already.
and that our rituals can be sacred.
How we build things can change as well.
And now we mechanized that process.
They've been exposed to this idea of our society
It's also in terms of race
you get muscle tremors
which had nothing to do with detecting rales in the lung
Participant Productions convened
what you can see is that you can't really see a whole lot of structure there.
and we can't have that.
but now done minimally invasively
They had not heard of it but were fascinated by it.
This is clinically relevant today.
then went back out to the airport to fly back home.
But it didn't sit well with my logical side either.
The treaty seemed to be a complete victory for Red Cloud and the Sioux.
first with the physical rehabilitation then with the social reintegration.
I don't know if he's tortured.
And if you're a woman
And they are described as losers.
or look at their watch and make their excuses.
It's to culture that we should look for guidance
you can start making all sorts of investments.
truths that have otherwise come to you through your mind.
There are a lot of great investments that you can make.
Call Washington! Call Washington! And I thought to myself
I do history of anatomy.
so we're actually looking forward to it.
I asked how to do the greater Ridgeway
You've seen this slide before
Nothing should hold you back.
or what other people perceive as my disability.
and we would say it's headed toward Atlanta.
All these children came to our clinic with a diagnosis of autism
The Bible says you cannot wear clothes made of mixed fibers
The court determined that
along with deforestation
I don't need one of those.
that's keeping you upright right now.
When you put it in plain English
by stealing the future
getting her subsequent care with her private oncologist.
Most other societies have had
That puts a lot of pressure on Greenland.
I don't want to say we give up entirely on anatomy.
I think there is an alternative.
eliminating a source of food and clothing and shelter for the Sioux.
This is one of the older tobacco commercials.
This is a Mapnificent map that show me
Now remember here what Jefferson said.
I think this means divine power of the ocean in a Polynesian language.
The Founding Fathers were
and they're wiggling toes
And I'm trying to start it as a movement.
Now this may look like a bunch of dots to you
and they're getting faster and faster each time.
All those things do is change who pays.
and they are poking and prodding
It's the greenest building in the world.
when Anajulina told me
old-fashioned technology of the paintbrush being applied.
What we actually start with is a medical examiner's office.
the great thing about getting it to this point was that because in the movie
Since we're in Edinburgh
there are no deities or supernatural spirits or angels
tend to be isolated individuals.
It's as interesting a side-effect as it could be.
It does depend on all of us
the other patients did the same
they get a little bit better.
the body develops more along the female typical path.
and I built a big block of it
This is where all your decision-making processes are going on.
and the budgets are larger.
The question is whether we will be.
You'll start to recognize these things from what we've collected before.
Behind him there was a child
which is it's not about the leaves above
and I think I'm starting to figure out why.
We are seeking normal human brains.
went to fashion designer Alexander McQueen
China just launched a national tissue-engineering center.
Imagine if instead of facing that
It's now repetition of short
We can take a movie of what's going on
we're adding a city the size of Seattle every seven days
I have been told that there must be something we can do.
who was finishing up Johnny Cash's final album called Ain't No Grave.
because I had to get it back out of the mold.
which so far I can knit a blob.
and it's all very real and relative to every single person
we're seeing more and more people embrace this walkshed life.
is to provoke the senses and ignite the imagination.
then I will send to the mold maker and then I will have it done in bronze.
This is peak fishing in a few seconds.
red in the face in an effort to push the father.
but befriended through some prop deals
So my view is be optimistic.
So we put the idea on the back burner for a few months.
So this was very inspiring to me.
and I am no exception.
who need a good deal of logic to string together these complex ideas.
So we collect this MR.
what is a meritocratic society
and the waitress came over
it's not tuberculosis
One of the challenges is that the richer we are
that recycle much of their water
So let's go back to those two beings conceived at the beginning of this talk.
The housing office is unable to build new structures
This didn't really sit well with my intuition
to use a wrestling term
I asked about his son.
They're agitating back and forth their size every two nanoseconds.
And I saw in her eyes that she was a mother
and what seven times seven was.
That land there will remain pasture in perpetuity.
We're losing a ritual.
and that involves going through childhood again
It seemed so intuitive to me.
in the previous instances of those thesaurus entries
I had a lot of journalists calling me
But because this individual lacks receptors to hear that testosterone
And for that I am very grateful.
And perhaps most remarkably
Every single debate has been sponsored by Clean Coal.
which is totally forgettable.
so I'm cut off from morality
And what about terms like over the limit
was willing to take that leap and trust me
But also for the newcomers.
Some of those designs include models for acting
but I have to admit to you that it makes me nervous.
But what I really want to stress is by all means
certainly the challenge was there.
This is a good time to look at your feet
And Najmuddin was staying there
very primitive cognitive psychology.
The students should teach their teachers.
take the Jewish idea of forgiveness.
And where we are clinically today
But here there was no sheep-like criteria.
Video games are not the cause.
You mean we can shoot a music video without actually using any video
and with them I have different negotiations of the terrain under my feet.
but an idea can feed the world.
And as if that wasn't enough
That is a good thing.
the museum is gorgeous.
The others were brothers
right into the beating heart of the patient.
and that they stay in one place.
It's a beautiful idea.
Mission accomplished.
I presided over so many scenes like this.
I got immediate sympathy.
do you have a couple of words for conclusion
And they were telling me all the things I had to do.
is the idea that success
I actually can put both of them on.
and he kept falling over.
So we have a model in potential
and Hasidic Jews and the Amish.
And then you'd do your best to recreate that with your own voice.
but they weren't whale lovers.
Which brings on another threshold effect I call furnace dumping.
Otherwise our minds are like sieves.
the bigger lessons that I learned from my year.
The iPatient is getting wonderful care all across America.
when the reality of getting old looks like this
a book they were enchanted to discover.
we think of sheep as followers.
some things that lie beyond the cloud.
I work for the Red Cross and I'm a physical therapist.
And so I went back and looked through my Creative Projects folder
you can have somebody who has an XY chromosomal basis
she had to go through and pull out all the little plastic guns.
For this so-called battle
whatever you think of creationism
And we have to find a way to create
They're always talking about that stuff.
Kean made that shift in thinking.
The latest figures show that the old model is not working.
They circle the great truths again and again and again.
hard truth about their medical prognosis
And each one of these forces split the world
invented the printing press
Now I'm going to show you cell-based regeneration.
So we have visions like this.
And it's even cruel to think of anything like this.
but would miss the point.
There's a thing that happens when you mold and cast things
All throughout the developing world
We'll be showing the video at the end
And the nearest ferry crossing from Fife is from Burntisland.
These flows are increasing very rapidly.
So in Orthodox Jewish communities
It has a shock absorber in it so it
the third largest mass of ice
we're thinking about what we do for each other.
I am a meritocrat in that sense.
A fantastically viral and wonderful video.
We don't tend to do that.
They were simply told these are the A students
but that were actually causing symptoms that mimicked those of autism.
That clause was obviously ignored.
before I moved to Stanford.
And you can basically see that the richer a country is
They're responsible for this video
Rituals are terribly important.
Those events led to a domino effect that has yet to end.
and our belief in who is responsible for our lives.
And the longer we live
they wanted to name it.
What's the difference between a sermon and our modern
come dance with me Come dance with me.
And we were very excited about this because
It's a little screenshot.
I was doing something that I was not supposed to do.
books written by lone individuals
By the time they're five
This is why I'm here in front of you.
I eventually achieved  what was actually a pretty reasonable dodo skull.
And I was writing software to visualize laser scanners.
We've put people on the moon.
And when I held my bronze one up against my Sculpey one
At least we can start repairing the prostheses
But the revenues are much greater if the drug treats a million people.
So let me finish up with some good news
which if you haven't been there
This is practically not new to TEDsters.
There are also these smaller cells as you'll see.
this is the vasculature
we don't know what we're made of.
So the story with Zacarias was too much really.
It has an amount of impact on the planet that's measurable.
This is when I was in Texas.
Any time I have an internet connection
Antarctica the largest mass of ice on the planet.
I suffered a lot as a mother.
In our desire to protect those we care about by giving them the cold
But a lot of people get stuck in a very strange position.
when they first look at a fresh human brain
And at the end of this three month period
And they were tired of all the inconveniences of the Sioux.
and I'll get to why it didn't work
We're losing a ritual that I believe is transformative
just some statistics about what we went through in the process.
By not treating the wholeness of a person
we don't admit to that.
I thought I would start with the logo.
The Pine Ridge Reservation
So take a look around this auditorium today.
and then it's sliced into one-centimeter slices.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist
There's an old African proverb that some of you know  that says
And so they wrote down all these observations
You donate money to a cause
and they were rejecting things like a supernatural concept of power
So that was my experience stoning
that genes are being turned on in a very specific subset of cells.
but we've completely let ourselves down.
Forget about messages.
But Mahmoud and his son were already there.
And none of these things include an insurance system or a legal system.
no! It should be The Incredibles.
so they didn't tell us to become doctors or lawyers or anything like that
I'll just close by saying that the tools are there
When I saw Aicha in the media
Now we do this over and over again.
Local TV news looms large
We hear a lot of talk about work-life balance.
The real patient often wonders
we'd call the one in the southeast now Katrina
you find some more shells.
when we use all these things
But that feeling of puzzlement is structural to contemporary art.
I couldn't disagree more.
as many of you have suggested.
and there's nothing in it.
It's involved in coordinated movement.
by not getting in a fight with a man whose wife was standing nearby
you place restrictions on them
and I can look inside this object.
Can I tell you how un-Canadian that is
I'm a political progressive